acceptable even
contrast , 34 % of
people in society . And , perhaps most troublingly , only around a third of South Africans and Kenyans say government corruption will be better in their countries when today ’s children grow up . Nigerians are more optimistic that
coronavirus news . Americans also see local news outlets as more credible sources of COVID-19 information than the news media in general . In a survey conducted June 4 - 10 , half of U.S. adults said their local news
in Kenya
in - ten Americans (
can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , go to www.journalism.org
, compared with 63 % of graduates earning less than $ 50,000 . Similarly , people with advanced degrees were even more likely than bachelor ’s and associate ’s degree holders to say their education was worth the investment — 96 % , compared with 89 % and 76 %
party is high across Latin America : Half or more in Chile ( 78 % ) , Brazil ( 60 % ) , Argentina ( 51 % ) and Colombia ( 50 % ) say they do not feel close to any political party in their country .
global terrorism is
the U.N. are also linked to ratings for some other key players in the international arena . Americans who have positive opinions of China and Russia also tend to give the U.N. good reviews , while those with unfavorable opinions of these major powers also tend to see the international body in a negative light . For example , 81 % of those expressing a favorable view of China also have a favorable view of the
in Kenya
specific sectors should be able to unionize . Among the six sectors tested
of respondents from Wyoming with
considered Hispanic . While language use differs among Hispanics – some speak only English , some speak only Spanish and some are bilingual – Spanish is still a characteristic that , for the most part , unites much of group . About three - quarters of Latinos , no matter where they are from , speak Spanish at home . Even so , the share that does so at home is declining at the same time that immigration from Mexico has slowed substantially and U.S. births have become the driver of Hispanic population growth . In fact , the share of Latinos who speak only English at home is rising . Today
about doubled ( from 7 % to 16 % ) . Despite controversy over massive spending by outside groups in the 2012 race
2014 . Public
. The College
to 29 - year
surveyed say their
Democrats , those with high political knowledge are more than three times as likely to say they have heard about QAnon ( 85 % ) as those with low political knowledge ( 25 % ) . And though fewer Republicans overall have heard of QAnon , those with high political knowledge are more than twice as likely ( 59 % ) as those with low political knowledge ( 24 % ) to have heard at least a little about QAnon . ( You can find more details of the political knowledge index here . ) High or low political knowledge is a stronger factor in awareness of the conspiracy theories than differences in ideology within each party .
candidates ’ television commercials in recent weeks . Fully 80 % say they have seen a television commercial on behalf of Barack Obama ’s candidacy recently and nearly as many ( 76 % ) report having seen a commercial on behalf of
( 84 % ) have a positive view of Russia . As is the case in Ukraine , most Russians give the EU ( 64 % ) and U.S. ( 56 % ) positive reviews , but not NATO ( 37 % )
non - users .
about 10 months of paid parental leave ( this figure does not reflect unpaid leave , or paid maternity or paternity leave ) .   The U.S. has no national paid family leave policy , though
support raising tax
college , compared with 34 % of their male peers . That ratio has flipped ; as of 2011 ,
effect of weight
country right now ;
followed most closely . The public ’s attention to news about Iraq has not
in Western Europe
wages , which would scrap the current
) said it is morally acceptable . A study published in 2012 by the British Royal Society found that increased condom use was the “ most significant factor ” in slowing the spread of HIV in South Africa . Explore attitudes in countries around the world with our Global
U.S.
creative and independent thinking . The difference is largest in France , where 53 % of those ages 18 to 34 say creative education is more important than teaching basic skills , compared with 29 % of those 50 and older . In
by the
of the
interest . Fewer
18 % think restricting
Nearly half of
and Middle East - North Africa regions
adults ) that Hispanics comprise
still embrace extremism — for instance , one - in - three continue to express confidence in bin Laden , who many intelligence analysts believe is hiding somewhere in western Pakistan . And while most Pakistanis
restricting civil liberties . In July 2013 , 47 % said their greater concern was that government policies had gone too far in restricting civil liberties , while fewer ( 35 % ) said their bigger concern was inadequate security . That marked the first time in nearly
; only 35 %
kind of device .
more negative in India
- profile men
nation ’s direction and have more concerns about their place in American society . They also overwhelmingly disapprove of the president ’s performance and see his administration ’s policies as harmful to Latinos . Even so , not all Latinos feel the same way . Latino Republicans are generally more upbeat than Latino Democrats on these measures . Similar shares of both groups say they have given quite a lot of thought to the upcoming election and say they
or not working for pay
favorably . Younger Japanese ( 55
views on the
( 64%-34 % ) . But just
than men since 2009 . As of May 2011 , nearly seven in ten online women are users of social networking sites ( 69 % ) , compared with six in ten online men ( 60 % ) . Women are also more active3 in their use of these sites , with almost half of female internet users using social networking sites on a typical day ( 48 % ) , compared with 38 % of male internet users . Social networking sites have been very popular with young adults ages 18
, an increase of 27 percentage points since 2000 . Among white Democrats , 19 % called themselves very liberal in 2019 , compared with 6 % in 2000 . By contrast , more black Democratic voters continue to characterize their views as moderate rather than liberal . In 2019 , 43 % of black Democrats called themselves moderate , 29 % called themselves liberal and 25 % called themselves conservative . Since 2000 , the share of black Democrats who describe their political views as liberal has changed little , while
family and sexuality . 2While nearly all Mormons consider themselves Christian ( 97 % ) , only about half ( 51 % ) of U.S. adults say Mormonism is a Christian religion , according to a 2012 Pew
Millennial Latino
) parties favorably . Nearly eight - in - ten Republicans and leaners ( 77 % ) have a favorable view
their one device was a cell phone . Another 17 % of those with one device said it was a desktop , while 6 % said it was a laptop . Fewer than 1 % of these one - device owners said their
, conducted May 7 - 10 , 2010 : In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting
likely than Republicans
whose primary religious
Sen. Jim
- quarters of
87 % of white Republicans
so on a blog
they are “ foreign
today say they identify with or lean toward the Republican Party . In 2012 , 22 % said the same . But Republican Party gains among Hispanic registered voters in terms of party identification do not extend to Hispanic voters ’
country ’s best interests ; just 7 % of Republicans say the same . Both groups express less concern than they did in December : Democrats are 11
pilot drones near
Second , those who take on gig work for this reason engage in a wide range of jobs and
have a positive impact ( 40 % today , 22 % then ) . And these more - positive impressions are seen across generations : Five years ago , just 35 % of Millennials said banks had a positive impact on the nation ; today 45 % say this . Evaluations of large corporations have similarly improved among Millennials , though they also remain more negative than positive . Small businesses were viewed positively by majorities across all generations in 2010 , and those views have only grown
in both groups ) . Among older workers , newsroom employees are disp
UK , public
earlier recession in 2001 . The median income of lower - income households in 2016 ( $ 25,624 ) was less than in 2000 ( $ 26,923 ) . Only the incomes of upper - income households increased from 2000 to 2016 , from $ 183,680 to $ 187,872 . The widening income gap between upper - income households and middle- and lower - income households this century is the continuation of a decades - long trend .
( 17 % ) . Additionally , people harassed online by
( For more on
18 to 29 report they would rather have a bigger government with more services to a smaller government ( 54 % vs. 43 % ) . Those ages 30 to 49 are roughly
Kaaba
of the threat
who play violent video games are more likely to be violent themselves . ” But 40 %
no solid evidence
in midterm elections . Democratic voters ’ lack of enthusiasm for Obama may complicate Democrats ’ turnout efforts . The president ’s overall job approval rating has shown virtually no change dating back to last December . Currently 44 % of the public approve of the job he is doing as president while 50 % disapprove In late April 2010 , Obama ’s job rating was slightly more positive than negative ( 47 % approve , 42 %
country ’s global stature . In 2016 , a 46 % plurality of Americans said the U.S. plays a less important and powerful role as a world leader compared with 10 years ago . This figure was up 26 percentage points from 2004 , when just 20 % believed American power was waning . The Chinese public , on the other hand , sees its country ’s influence on the rise
across its 46 stations .
its widespread use . Some 36 % of this group thinks it is very likely that the widespread availability of gene editing would pave the way for new medical advances that are beneficial to society , compared with about half as many of those who have heard a little or nothing about gene editing ( 16 % ) . However , those most familiar with gene editing are more likely than those with no familiarity to also anticipate downsides . About two - thirds of those who have heard a lot about gene editing ( 64 % ) say it is very likely that widespread availability of gene editing will increase inequality because the technology will primarily
Public views of
fully recovered . About four - in - ten 42 % think household incomes have hardly come back from the recession . There has been less change since 2013 in views about recovery in the stock market and real estate . In 2013 , majorities said both sectors had either fully or partially recovered , and that remains the case today . But there has been a 10 - point increase since then in the share saying the stock market has “ fully ” recovered from the recession (
a modern lifestyle , with 66 % saying they like the pace of modern life . However , the same percentage says their traditional way of life is getting lost . And 79 % believe their way of life needs to be protected against foreign influence ( though only 30 % completely agree with this view ) . In a society with a rapidly growing middle class , slightly more than half ( 53 % ) think that consumerism and commercialism are a threat to their culture , up from 43
friends ’ feelings . 3For some teens , there are downsides to social media . Fully 68 % of social - media - using teens say they have experienced drama among friends on the platform . More than half ( 53 %
Only the Greeks and Italians have less belief in the benefits of economic union than do the French . The French now have less faith in the European Union as an institution than do the Italians or the Spanish . And the French , like their southern European compatriots , have lost confidence in their elected leader . Compounding their doubts about the Brussels - based European Union , Europeans are losing faith in the capacity of their own national leaders to cope with the economy ’s woes . In most countries surveyed , fewer people today than a year ago think their national executive is doing a good job dealing with the euro crisis
In the 2016 U
Score Media Metrix , based on the company ’s continuously and passively measured consumer panel , show – with variations by application and month analyzed – continuing declines or stagnancy in the number of people with popular peer
( 75 % )
of his policies .
think the news
, according to the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ) . The survey was in the field on Dec. 3 when Cain announced he was suspending his campaign . And , in a week
of China than
they are not
society ” describes them well – while just 24 % think these firms “ do
in the other regions included in the 2013 survey . Across the eight African
Note : Here are   the questions used
This is due in
, 44 %
line telephone interviews
in - ten among those whose religion is “ nothing in particular . ” Americans
, the dips in tech ownership registered in the September 2010 survey are mostly a result of the fact that Spanish interviews were added to the survey . Most of the Pew Internet surveys before 2010 were only conducted in English . The Project has added Spanish to this survey and that knocked down the overall tech - ownership numbers in some instances because respondents who wanted to be interviewed in Spanish were somewhat less likely than others to be tech non - users .
keyword , a shorthand tag that gets used to reference a constellation of public attitudes , technical affordances and legal arguments . Yet , the concept is so laden with multiple meanings that any use of the term begs for added specificity and context.1 This report addresses several questions about the privacy settings people choose for their social networking profiles , and provides new data about the specific steps users take to control the flow of information to different people within their
in Western Europe
police ( 86 %
In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error
on a temporary basis
among the next oldest age groups ; significantly more people in their 30s through 50s say the coronavirus outbreak is a major threat to their finances and not their health than say the opposite . But those 70 and older are about four times as likely as the youngest adults ( those ages 18 to 29 ) to say the coronavirus outbreak is a major threat to their health but not their finances ( 25 % vs. 6 % ) . Aside from age
Mike Huckabee , disagreeing with
% )
UN ’s
on their children to do
U.S. produce 80 % of all tweets sent by these users . The median adult user of the platform tweets just twice a month , but a small group tweets much more frequently , according to
economic conditions in Mexico , while 28 % think the U.S. is having
. And far more
several years –
” increased by 315 % , moving from 1.5 million to 4.8 million total reactions . The “ wow ” and “ haha ” reactions were less popular overall , but still increased by 244 % and 191 % , respectively . While anger became the most popular new reaction after the 2016 election , “ likes ” have always been the most popular way for people to engage with congressional Facebook posts . Between Feb. 24 and Nov. 8 , 2016 , congressional posts received 111 million “ likes , ” a number that increased by 17 % percent , to 129 million , between the day after the 2016 election and July
with North Korea . Note :
liberal Democrats (
concerned about the outbreak ’s broader economic impact on the nation . The vast majority ( 90 % ) say the outbreak is a major threat to the U.S. economy . In addition , the late March survey finds a significant share ( 42 % ) saying the coronavirus outbreak will cause a recession , while 16 % say it will cause a depression . Another 40 % say it will cause a slowdown of the economy but not a
requirements on abortion clinics
when it comes to the challenges parents face today . Societal factors – including drugs and alcohol , peer pressure , and entertainment media – are the top concern for mothers and fathers alike . Overall , 70 % of Americans say that mothers today have a more difficult job than mothers did 20 or 30 years ago . Fewer than one - in - five ( 17 % ) say the job of motherhood is about the same as it was then , while 11 % say it is easier today . By comparison , 60 % believe that it is more difficult to be a father than it was 20 or 30 years ago . About a quarter
sharper divide in perceptions of criminality among undocumented immigrants . By a wide margin ( 80 % to 15 % ) , Democrats say those in the U.S. illegally are no more likely than citizens to commit serious crimes . Among Republicans , about half ( 52 % ) say undocumented immigrants are not more likely than citizens to commit serious crimes , but 42 % say they are – more than double the share of Democrats who
fewer males in that age group ( 58 % ) see abortion as a high priority . Women under age 50 also are far more likely than older women to attach great importance to possible court rulings on abortion . Through more than 30 years of attention to abortion in policy debates and Supreme Court nominations , public opinion on the issue has remained remarkably stable . This is the case with both views of the availability of abortion , and of the Roe v. Wade decision establishing women
Current DACA
and more likely to own technology products such as smartphones , tablets and computers . And while men and women have similar preferences , index scores suggest that men under age 50 are more likely than either older men or women at any age to prefer new technology products . Technology products have typically come on the market with a high price tag that is out of reach for many consumers . Thus , not surprisingly , adults with family incomes of at least $ 150,000 annually also tend to express a stronger preference for early technology adoption on this summary index ( 39 % do so ) compared with those at middle- and lower -
is being treated
the 12 months
think they help a lot or some ) , product safety ( 80 % ) and company accountability ( 78 % ) . Note : Here are the questions used for
34 % of
in Asian countries
are the biggest supporters of a pathway to
news about incoming
2015 , more than any other religious group . Large populations of Christians are present in all but a few parts of the world : Roughly two - thirds of the world ’s countries , for example , have Christian majorities
the - air ad revenue for local TV did rise 12 % in 2018 , to $ 19.3 billion , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of MEDIA Access Pro & BIA Advisory Services data , but this is typical for a midterm election year and roughly equal to the amount in 2014 . Local TV ’s audience decline was the steepest drop of any sector . Only cable news saw its audience rise in 2018 . 5Traffi
our recent survey
European middle classes
48 % ) of middle - income earners think the aid package will help them at least a fair amount . Upper - income earners are far less likely to say this : Just 22 % expect the federal response to help their own household . Republicans and Republican leaners are more likely than Democrats and Democratic leaners to expect their household to be helped by the aid package across all income tiers . Although Americans have become much more negative about the current state of the economy ,
immigration waves from Germany and Ireland in
Germany , young Americans (
in the world than
on the right
to the U.S. mainland have more babies than those who stay on the island . In 2013 , the average total fertility rate was 2
( 80 % )
49 % )
from the press ’ coverage . And those discrepancies , moreover , tended to fit a broader
while less affluent households typically
jobs , compared with about half who
proficient in both English and Spanish . “ English - dominant ”
.- Iran relations since 2010 , divides in assessments of Iran between parties have been largely stable over this time period . In some European countries , those who support left - wing populist parties were less critical of Iran
story very closely
athizing more
degree – particularly in
children growing up now will have better jobs and more money than they have . Hispanics are the nation ’s largest minority group , numbering 47 million
should extend : Conservative
- Barrera , 2012 ) . The nation ’s Hispanic - origin population differs in many other ways as well . For instance , U.S. Hispanics of
55 % ) back Japan helping others , as do those with a high school education or more ( 64 % ) compared with those with a secondary education or less ( 56 % ) . In one indicator of their commitment to help others , 73 % of Japanese believe that Japanese companies should increase their investment in developing nations . Just 19 % oppose such business activity . Roughly as many Japanese ( 71 % ) support importing more goods from developing nations in Asia , Africa and Latin
level since 2004 . Note : The full methodology for this analysis can be found here . Also , see where foreign student
( 34 % ) think there is too little attention paid
038 )
’   median age of 40 . Venezuelans
of devices compared to those with lower income and education levels . As the internet has increasingly gone mobile , laptop computers have grown in popularity . Since 2006 , the proportion of Americans who own a desktop computer has fallen slightly from 68 % to 59 % , while the proportion with a laptop computer has increased dramatically — from 30 % in April 2006 to 52 % in September 2010 . 18 - 29 year olds are currently the only major demographic group for whom laptops are notably more commonplace than
( 81 % )
tool . Here are the
Americans ’ views since Russia
Research Center for the People
( 14 in total
favorable opinions of
side , half or more in 15 of 16 nations say Americans are optimistic , and majorities in 14 countries think Americans are hardworking . However , when it comes to tolerance , fewer than half in 11 countries say that they associate tolerance with the American people . Majorities in the U.S. describe Americans as hardworking ( 80 % ) , optimistic ( 74 % ) , and tolerant ( 65 % ) . On the negative side , half or more
work : 1Overall , Americans are divided when it comes to their level of concern about surveillance
for their preferred candidate . A 78 - year - old woman supporting Clinton describes her as “ a seasoned veteran ” who “ can get things done , ” and adds : “ We need a woman ! ” A 43 -
income and assets will
and drilling on federally owned land ( 58 % ) — opinions largely unchanged from previous years . About eight - in - ten ( 81 % ) Americans support requirements for better fuel efficiency for cars and trucks . There is broad public support for   stricter limits on power plant emissions . About two - thirds ( 64 % ) of the American public   said in a November survey that they   favored stricter limits on power plant emissions to mitigate climate change ,
Those who are consistently
household , compared
Mike Huckabee has similar levels of both recognition and support among Republican voters . By comparison ,
of the unauthorized immigrant population . These trends are analyzed with regard to the national origins of the unauthorized immigrants , focusing on those from Mexico . Then I turn to a discussion of the number of unauthorized
as DVDs and e - books
better financially than their parents . 2A major reason why emerging and developing nations are more optimistic is that their economies have performed better in recent years . Overall , there is a strong relationship between economic growth and optimism for the next generation . People in countries that have had strong growth since 2008 – such as China , Vietnam and Ghana – are much more likely to say today ’s children will be better off than their parents . In nations hit hard by the Great Recession – such as Greece , Spain and Italy – there is much less optimism . 3Across the globe , there
, shows that
leader . Turkish - Israeli relations have been strained in recent years by a 2010 raid on a flotilla trying to bring
attend less - segregated schools than those in the Northeast , though segregation in the South has increased in recent decades , according to the report . In 2011 , some 34 % of blacks in the South attended schools where at least nine - in - ten students were minorities . While that ’s up from 26 % in 1991 , it ’s far lower than 78 % of students in 1968 that attended “ highly segregated ” schools . In the Northeast ,
law ’s impact on the country ( and on overall approval ) than on its expected personal impact . About half of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 52 % ) say the tax law will have a mostly positive effect on them and
figure that
numbers are from
say it has
data and communications content
2015 , more than any other religious group . Large populations of Christians are present in all but a few parts of the world : Roughly two - thirds of the world ’s countries , for example , have Christian majorities
that Tillerson is secretary of state , compared with 32 % of those younger than 50 . Older adults also are more likely to know that Gorsuch is a Supreme Court justice , and that Mueller is leading the investigation into
use of force is sometimes necessary and half saying it is not . Germans are more supportive of the use of military force than they have been in recent years . For example , in 2007 , just about four - in - ten ( 41 % ) Germans agreed that it was sometimes necessary , while 58 % disagreed . Opinions have been more stable in the U.S. , Britain and France . For the most part , opinions about the use of force do
ably ( 31 % vs. 19 % ) . However , while Republicans generally feel like their side is “ losing , ”
better gas mile
lead the way — 79 % and 77 % of smartphone
of U.
TPP , according to a November 2013 poll by Asahi Shimbun , one of Japan ’s main national newspapers . Only 25 % of respondents would like to see
Gen X and Millennials as a share of
insecurity . From 2010 through 2012 , ASNE recorded an 18 % reduction in full - time photographers , artists and videographers . That compares with a negligible job loss ( 0.2 % ) among copy
the top problem . Gallup noted that this finding comes at a time when Congressional approval is within one percentage point of the lowest in history in its polls , ( 10 % in February and August of 2012 ) . The current standing of Congress is also significantly lower than during the 1995 - 96 shutdown period when it ranged from 30 % to 35 % . A Pew Research Center survey
13 % of Sunnis have a favorable opinion of the Syrian president . In most countries , ratings of Assad have been similarly low since the first time this question was asked . However , opinion has become more favorable in Tunisia over the past five years ( up 13 percentage points since 2012 ) . Opinions of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani are generally similar to opinions of Assad . Fewer than 10 % in both Israel and Jordan hold a positive view of the Iranian
Facebook most often ( 45 % of boys vs. 36 % of girls ) . Girls are more likely than boys to say they use Instagram ( 23 % of girls vs. 17 % of boys ) and Tumblr
of its
Great Recession , the
strongly approving . Among Republicans who say whites benefit not too much compared to blacks
global terrorism is
greenhouse gas
shared that view ,
about as likely as those with a deeper complexion to
is best ensured
ping is low (
rate rose from 5.1
themselves , 54
more information about the
038 )
jobs . Large
18 % think restricting
a significant danger by most Americans — particularly African - Americans and those with lower incomes and less education . Nearly three - quarters of blacks ( 74 % ) say they are very worried about having a family member develop a drug problem , compared to just 39 % of whites . And increasingly , drugs are hitting home in rural areas ; people in those areas cite drugs as the top community problem . While interdiction is regarded as the most effective anti
policy to change for the better when a new president takes office next January . However , this view is much less common in the Arab nations of Jordan ( only 19 % expect foreign policy to improve ) , Egypt ( 25 % ) and Lebanon ( 30 % ) , as well as in Pakistan
depth of concern with China ’s growth is mirrored in the relative primacy these countries place on their relations with the United States . In each country in the region , more name the U.S. as their most dependable ally than any other country in an open - ended question , including around two - thirds or more in Japan ( 63 % ) , the Philippines ( 64 % ) and South Korea ( 71 % ) . Each country in the region
now ; only
should be able to
in the
supporters will react negatively to the ultimatum – but it is clear that the military comes into this crisis with a stronger
top stories for the week . The News Interest Index survey will collect data from
Methodist Church and
online too seriously
black household income , up from 17 % in 1972 . The share of income of the top 5 % of white and Hispanic households have shown similar
Republicans . To many , these changes may seem counterintuitive , especially since much social science research suggests that the more people feel threatened by a minority group , the more likely they are to have negative attitudes toward that group . However , following the
opinion of Japan and only 15 % have
in their country . In 2013 , just after Chávez ’s death , dissatisfaction with the country was at 57 % . In addition , Venezuelans are very concerned about the economy , especially rising prices , lack of jobs and
.S. would be a good
drilling on federal land . An additional 41 % would
% ) . The result : While there has been a consistent party gap since 1994 on government aid to the poor , the divisions have never been this large . In 2011 , about twice as many Democrats as Republicans said
most closely . The national news media devoted 3 % of its overall coverage to events in Iraq and 5 % to the Iraq policy debate . There was relatively little public interest in violent protests in Tibet against the Chinese government . Overall , just 12 % say they paid very close attention to this story , roughly equal to the number who followed the news about pro - democracy protests in Burma last fall ( 13 % followed Burma very closely ) . Just 4 % listed violence in Tibet
rating is virtually
The openings rate was a robust 4 % in April , matching the high points reached in July 2015 and July 2016 . Like the total number of job openings , the openings rate bottomed out in July 2009 , at 1.7 % . The JOLT
of the country has tripled from a very low level in June , rising from 7 % to 22 % . Trump supporters , by contrast , are now far less likely to say they are hopeful about the country than they were five months ago and
and music
political affiliation . Six - in - ten Democrats and independents who lean Democratic say the government should help lower - income Americans purchase high - speed internet service , but that figure falls to just 24 % among Republicans and Republican - leaning independents . These partisan
about them ( 39
U.S
Interviews were conducted
impacts . Clinton supporters are more likely than Trump supporters to say
vs. 13
favorably . Younger Japanese (
% who do so several times a day . This is a statistically significant difference when compared with non - parents , of whom 67 % log on to Facebook daily , including 42 % who do so several times a day . Mothers on Facebook are more likely to check the platform several times a day compared with fathers , 56 % vs. 43 % . Parents who use LinkedIn are more likely than non - parents to use the site daily ( 19 % vs
S. as the
say this (
: 53 %
hortations into hard and
coups that took
enforcement tightened , however , arrivals plummeted , and some
in one way or
specific topic of interest
funding mechanism . ) Access to paid family leave is more common for state government employees than for workers in the private sector , according to   NCS data : In 2016 , 19 % of state government workers had access to paid family leave , versus 13 % of private sector workers . Among local government workers , 15 % had access to paid family leave . While the state and local government rates held steady between 2010 and 2016 , the private sector rate has crept
2066
Republicans and
than 6 million user
37 % of young men )
American countries included in
recently . No
ages 50 and
living adult generation   in 2019 , surpassing Baby Boomers .   Numbering 71 million in 2016 , the Millennial population is expected to continue growing as young immigrants expand its ranks . Millennials also are approaching the Boomers in their   share of the American electorate . Note : Item No .
liberal and conservative views
offer a view ) . The share who say pre - emptive military force is rarely
campaign very
vs. 37 %
many people now see the two parties cooperating as did so then . There is widespread partisan agreement that Republicans and Democrats in Washington have been fighting more than usual . Currently , nearly equal percentages of Republicans (
Correction : In a
all , opinions regarding the
and 55 % , respectively )
through vastly different lenses
There is general
spread was 2.2 % and 2.3 % , respectively , and slightly above the election of 2000
stories , examines
of children 17 or younger ( 24 % ) are living apart from at least one of their children , and 17 % are living apart from all of them , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of data from the National Survey of Family Growth . Education is strongly linked to the likelihood that a dad will be living apart from his children . Fathers who lack a four - year college degree are especially likely to be living apart from their kids :
affiliated students
partisan difference in in the shares naming China ’s influence as the country ’s greatest future threat in 2014 . China ’s navy and air force are the largest in Asia , and defense spending has risen rapidly over the past decade . Against this backdrop , a large majority of Americans ( 81 % ) say China ’s growing military power is a bad thing for the U.S. Only about one - in - ten ( 11 % ) say it
. In addition , nearly half of AAAS scientists – 47 % – use social media to talk about science or read about scientific developments at least some of the time . Some 24 % of these AAAS scientists blog about science and research .
say China ’
Pelosi
the U.S. leader . Most say he is arrogant , intolerant and dangerous , while few think of him as well - qualified or as someone who cares about ordinary people . Describing Trump as charismatic is more common , although global publics on balance do not think of him as charismatic either . They do , however , see Trump as a strong leader – a median of 55 % across the nations polled describe him this way . Attitudes toward the U.
2020 . ( It ’s
the GO
in midterm elections . Democratic voters ’ lack of enthusiasm for Obama may complicate Democrats ’ turnout efforts . The president ’s overall job approval rating has shown virtually no change dating back to last December . Currently 44 % of the public approve of the job he is doing as president while 50 % disapprove In late April 2010 , Obama ’s job rating was slightly more positive than negative ( 47 % approve , 42 %
survey was
or mainline ( e.
China ( $ 1.27 trillion ) is a very serious problem , and six - in - ten hold this view about the loss of jobs to China . Concerns about job losses are especially common among older Americans , women , people with less education , those with lower incomes and Republicans . About half ( 52 % ) consider the trade deficit ( which totaled $ 31.6 billion in July ) a very serious problem . Even though
the labor force . Last month , according to BLS , 2.8 million Americans who re - entered the labor force
Currently ,
17 % of coverage specifically about the incident and the government ’s decision to try the suspect in federal court and another 5 % dedicated to issues involving airport security . ( The airport security stories are included in a broader category of coverage dedicated to
nationality , for example
14 % followed news
or another statement altogether in the story . Overall , one - in - ten stories included a direct refutation . This jumps to about one - in - five stories with a Trump tweet ( 21 % ) , more than double the share that did not contain one ( 8 % ) . Amid these differences between stories with and without the president ’s tweets , there was one notable similarity : A large majority of both those with a t
recent trends ?
the share of the U
and northern Africa
correctly ) .
by 38 % ,
the “ base ” . The Pew Research Center ’s June survey found a January to June slippage in strong approval of the President among Democrats , and a Washington Post /
fugal forces that are pulling European public opinion apart , separating the French from the Germans and the Germans from everyone else . The southern nations of Spain , Italy and Greece are becoming ever more estranged as evidenced by their frustration with Brussels , Berlin and the
some respondents identified tensions even in avowedly “ gay - friendly ” churches .   One 49 - year - old lesbian told us she was a youth leader in her church , which permits lesbians and gay men to be ordained . But , she said , she has n’t come out to anyone at her church ( though she suspects both pastors have guessed ) because “ it would be an issue for some people in the church and I ’m not
educational attainment ,
of the partisan
S. Puerto Rican population , though
I have nothing
George H.W
( 13.
specific reasons why they
( 35 % ) say it will help ; 23 % say it will have no impact . These are among the major findings from the latest survey of Brazil by the Pew Research Center . The survey is based on face - to - face interviews conducted between April 10 and April 30 , 2014 among a representative sample of 1,003 randomly selected adults from across the country . The survey also finds widespread concern about rising prices : 85 %
say it provides
U.S.-born children of U.S.-born parents ) , 17 % are second generation ( the U.S.-born children of at least one immigrant parent ) , and just 12 % are immigrants , according to the Pew Research Center survey of self - identified non - Hispanics with Hispanic ancestry . For adults with Hispanic ancestry who do not self - identify as Hispanic , 81 % say they have never considered themselves Hispanic or Latino . The reasons for this are many and are often linked to mixed backgrounds , limited contact with Hispanic relatives and few Hispanic cultural links , according to a follow
non -
fairly steady over the last four
Cruz and Clinton ) , have done so online . Former Virginia Gov. Jim Gilmore and former Sen. Fred Thompson of Tennessee ( both for 2008 ) , both Republicans , announced via webcasts . Former GOP House Speaker Newt Gingrich posted a tweet linking
with public and
ism that occurred in
64 - year -
( 31 % ) ; 28 % say he would be average . Similarly , voters have divided views
) are more likely than white (
( 57 % )
for color TV . Each of those technologies , like broadband , represented an
median of 38 %
think it should be accepted by society . Conservative
week ’s seizure of Mosul underscored just how much a threat spreading Syrian violence could be for Turkey and its citizens , even if far from Turkey ’s borders . Although the rebel forces aligned against Assad span a wide spectrum , people in neighboring countries are clearly worried about the threat posed by al Qaeda or other extremist organizations , like ISIS . Asked in April - May of this year
or minus 2
) of those with consistently liberal political views watch The Daily Show , compared with a mere 1 % of those with consistently conservative political values . There is also a small gap between men and women : 15 % of men get news about government and politics from The Daily Show , compared with 9 % of women . And 16 % of college grads report watching the Daily Show in the past week , higher than both those with some college
, i.e. , they speak and read Spanish “ very well ” or
percent of Americans have
, the EU
poverty — 34 % in
offer no opinion . Roughly a quarter ( 26 % ) have no confidence
% ) . Independents
divide we see today . In recent years , both parties have become smaller and more ideologically homogeneous . Republicans are dominated by self - described conservatives , while a smaller but growing number of Democrats call themselves liberals . Among Republicans , conservatives
during the recovery . Demographic change , however , does not explain why men have gained more jobs than women since 2009 . Among the groups examined in this report , women represent the only group for whom employment growth has lagged behind population growth in
week ( June 26 - 29 ) . Last week , the aftermath of the Jan. 8 shooting rampage in Tucson continued to top the public ’s news interest , though coverage had dropped significantly . About four - in - ten ( 42 % ) say they very closely followed news about the rampage that killed six and severely injured Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , little changed from a week earlier ( 45 % ) . Nearly four - in - ten (
, the Japanese government reported the lowest number of babies born since 1899 , when this data was first collected . Italy recorded its lowest total number of babies born in 2018 , and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says the U.S. hit the lowest number of births in 32 years after a continuous decline over many years . In addition to an overall decline in fertility rates throughout the 21st century , the UN projects an aging global population . While
said the same ) . And while 47 % of black Americans were very closely following news about the ability of hospitals across the country to treat patients , those numbers drop
Religious Landscape , ”
news and what changes
Americans ( 59 % ) are following the news about the 2020 candidates closely , but far fewer ( 23 % ) are following it very closely at this stage of the race . Even though there is a contested nomination race
About four - in - ten in
military bases in Germany as an important part of their country ’s national defense . Among Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents , that share is about eight - in - ten . Germans , by contrast , are not sold on the idea that American military bases are important to German security . While about half of Germans see U.S. military bases as important for their country ’s national security , 45 % disagree . Younger Germans especially doubt the importance of American
as a whole : 49 % say Obama ’s expression of support for gay marriage did not alter their opinion of the president . Among those who say it did , somewhat more say it made their view of him less favorable than more (
About eight - in - ten Brazilians ( 82 % ) say their country ’s economy is bad . That figure is double the share of the public who said this in 2013 ,   one of the highest levels of economic dissatisfaction recorded in the global Pew Research Center
Most Biden
been uprooted from their homes by “ armed conflict , situations of generalized violence , violations of human rights or natural- or human - made disasters ” but are , for the time being at least , still within the borders of their home countries . Estimates of the number of internally displaced people last year range from 32 million to more than 38
say it does not .
in each group ) .
, rather than using only paper questionnaires . The bureau is testing a number of other changes to the questionnaire , such as using administrative data from other government agencies to fill in missing data on people who do n’t fill out their census forms and revising the race and ethnicity questions .
their phone when they are spending time with
4,900 are
in late 2010.3 Twitter use by those in their mid-20s to mid-40s largely leveled off in the last year after roughly doubling between late 2010 and mid 2011 . In addition to increasing on an overall basis , the proportion of young
. 77 % ) . Note
Africans had favorable views of white , coloured and black South Africans ( Note : The term “ coloured ” is commonly used in South Africa to describe people of multiple races . It is used throughout this report to reflect survey question wording . ) Despite these overall positive opinions , in several instances , people who are members of a particular religious , racial or ethnic group had significantly more favorable views of their own group than they did of groups to which they do not adhere or belong.3 For example , in India , Hindus were much less likely to have a favorable view of Muslims ( 65 % ) than were Muslims themselves (
compared with 57
the increase in asylum
partisan divides on this issue . By a 63%-35 % margin , most Republicans and Republican leaners hold that it is possible to cut back on environmental regulations and still effectively protect air and water quality in the U.S. Most Democrats and those who lean Democratic hold the reverse view : 63 % say it is not possible to cut back on environmental regulations and still effectively protect air and water quality in the U.S. , while 35 % this is possible
those who are Democrats or who lean Democratic are far more likely than Republicans and GOP leaners ( 68 % vs. 30 % ) to say transgender people should be able to use the bathroom that fits their gender identity . In addition , people who say they personally know someone who is transgender are more likely than those who do not to say transgender people should be allowed to use public bathrooms that match their current gender identity ( 60 % vs.
have a conversation
airliners bound for the United States . And in France , young Muslims were believed to make up the majority of those
and/or
a larger role for
and intense opposition . About three - quarters of registered voters who support Trump ( 76 % ) say they view their presidential ballot primarily as a vote for the president . By comparison , only 33 % of Biden
vs. 28
However , comparisons
thirds ( 64
not – favorable opinions of Pope Francis have increased since the decline seen in September 2018 . Note : Here are the questions used for this
.S. adults
, according to the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ) . The survey was in the field on Dec. 3 when Cain announced he was suspending his campaign . And , in a week
which the partisan
rates are high . Pew Research Center estimates for the United Kingdom ’s unauthorized immigrant population used the “ residual ” method , an indirect way to estimate the size of this population . It is the same method used by the Center in the United States to estimate the size of its unauthorized immigrant population . The number of unauthorized immigrants in the UK is in line with previous estimates and recent migration trends . In 2007 , a Greater London Authority and London School of Economics study placed the number of unauthorized immigrants between 417,000 and 863,000 . Ten years later ,
around the world
31 % express
2014 ( 36
powerful military or Chinese President Xi Jin
a Pew poll last month found a significant increase in the number of Americans who believe that military progress is being made in Iraq . However , the public remains divided about when to remove troops and a majority continues to say that the war was the wrong decision . See Obama Has The Lead , But Potential Problems Too , February 28 , 2008 . Awareness of the number of troop deaths has declined substantially among every demographic group , including the well - educated . College
, 46 % of Democrats
it is
Republicans and Republican leaners – those 65 and older – give especially positive ratings to Marco Rubio and Scott
34 are married , compared with 44 % of those in suburban areas and 46 % of those in rural areas . When it comes to fertility , about a third ( 35 % ) of births to women ages 15 to 50 are to unmarried women , according to Census Bureau data . The shares again vary somewhat across community types : 39 % of births to rural women occur outside of marriage , compared with 34 % among suburban women . Among urban women
U.S. while 57
with the U.S. leader . Most say he is arrogant , intolerant and dangerous , while few think of him as well - qualified or as someone who cares about ordinary people . Describing Trump as charismatic is more common , although global publics on balance do not think of him as charismatic either . They do , however , see Trump as a strong leader – a median of 55 % across the nations polled describe him this way . Attitudes toward the U.
countries where trends
The News Coverage Index catalogues the news from top news organizations across five major sectors of the media : newspapers , network television , cable television , radio and the internet . Each week ( from Sunday through Friday ) PEJ will compile
non - broadband users who say their smartphone is the most important reason for not having a high - speed internet connection where they live has nearly doubled over the same time period ( from 12 % to 23 % ) . And while affordability remains a commonly cited barrier , the share of non - broadband adopters who say the cost of a monthly subscription is the most important reason for not having these services has fallen from 33 % in 2015 to 21 % today . In
Trump ’s contentious first year was among the defining stories of 2017 . But beyond the shifts in policy and approach that accompanied the transition between presidential administrations , the year revealed other important trends shaping American society . Allegations of sexual misconduct against powerful men in entertainment , media and politics – from Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein to morning news anchor Matt Lauer to the longest - serving member of Congress , John Conyers – brought widespread attention to the
the questions used for
excluding the non - Web respondents is quite small . Across 406 separate survey items , only nine yielded estimates that differed by 5 or more percentage points . More than two - thirds of the 406 items yielded estimates with a 0 or 1 point difference . This is a consequence of the fact that the non - Web survey group is a small share of the total population , as well as the fact that the size of the differences between the Web and non - Web
to gun violence . Six - in - ten adults say the amount of gun violence in video games contributes a great deal or a fair amount to gun violence in the country today , according to the Center ’s 2017 survey . Among adults ages 65 and older , 82 % say video game gun violence contributes a great deal or a fair amount to the country ’s gun violence – nearly double the share of those
April 5
Nearly two - in - ten ( 18 % ) followed reports about the drug related violence that has contributed to more than 7,000 deaths since 2007 . Overall , 3 % of the public say this was their top story of the week . Residents of the states that border Mexico ( Arizona , California , New Mexico and Texas ) were somewhat more likely than non - border state residents to name the drug war in Mexico as the story they followed most closely ( 7 %
since last year . Currently , 57 % say gun laws should be more strict than they are currently , compared with 31 % who say they are about right , while just 11 % say they should be less strict . Last year , 52 % supported stricter gun laws . Stark partisan divisions on impact of more gun limits on frequency of mass shootings . Nearly half of Americans ( 47 % ) say there would be fewer mass shootings if it was harder for people to legally
That ’s little changed from recent weeks amid continuing signs that the recovery has slowed . Two - in - ten ( 20 % ) say this is the story they followed most closely . While 27 % say they followed discussions about Afghanistan troop levels very closely , interest in several other top stories was not far behind . About two - in - ten ( 21 % ) say they very closely followed news about continued wildfires in the West and South ;
U.S.
, respectively ) , while Republicans ’ sympathies are unchanged . Differences in sympathies correlate with approval of Obama ’s executive action .
This is due in
or other family   member , while just 28 % of working fathers say they had done the same ; almost as many working mothers ( 39 % ) say they had taken a significant amount of time off from work for one of these   reasons , compared with about a quarter ( 24 % ) of working fathers . And mothers are more likely than fathers to say they quit their job at some point for family reasons , by 27 % to 10 % . Among men and women who say that
current attitudes bear
Most Biden
in the conservative mainstream . Still , as noted above
16 - point
Pew Research Center survey
where 80 %
of the week were collected
views – and their family ’s comfort level with discussing politics – have changed little since December 2016 , shortly after the presidential election . As was the case then , partisan differences in these views are slight : Today , two - thirds ( 67 % ) of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents and 63 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say most or almost everyone in their family shares their political views . And 61 % of Republicans and 58 % of Democrats say their family is OK with talking about politics . Among those who say almost everyone in their family shares their political views ( 22 % of the public ) , an overwhelming share (
survey . Today
or later this summer , fully 57 % answered correctly that the elections will take place in winter ( late January ) . And 43 % of Americans were able to name Condoleezza Rice as Bush ’s selection to replace Colin Powell as the next Secretary of State . Though attention to news from Iraq has decreased substantially , it tops this month ’s list of major news items and , in a review of stories over the past year , Iraq news ranks second only
Median   weekly earnings for 20-
favor more U.S.-Taiwan economic relations , while just 11 % do not . When it comes to closer political ties , people in Taiwan largely welcome the prospect of more dealings with Washington , with about eight - in - ten endorsing this idea . Support for closer economic and political ties with the U.S. prevails across most demographic groups in Taiwan . About three - quarters or more in each group analyzed are in favor of increased
social networking usage , although in Turkey 37 % of men use social networking sites , compared with just
keep national
in - ten
niumresearch.org/. Those who have heard of VoIP service fit the classic “ early adopter
85 % in 2007 . Another long running theme in Turkish politics is the deep divisions between secular and religious camps in the overwhelmingly Muslim nation , and contemporary Turkish society continues to reflect this divide . For example , highly observant Turkish Muslims are much more likely to support Erdogan , believe the country is on the right track , and oppose last year ’s protests . These are among the key findings from the latest survey of
expressing little or no confidence . The EU gets even lower ratings than the U.S. Only one - third of Greeks have a positive opinion of the EU , with 65 % expressing an unfavorable opinion . Furthermore , 78 % say the Greek economy has been weakened by the economic integration of Europe . However , 69 % still want to keep the euro as their currency , rather than return to the drachma
partisan divide over
hailing alone – such as taking public transit , walking or riding a bike , or even using traditional taxi services . To be sure , this trend carries a strong geographic component : For Americans who live far from urban centers
society ” describes them well – while just 24 % think these firms “ do
effect one way or the other . For second generation Latinos , 22 % say the impact of unauthorized immigration is negative and 29 % say there is no effect . Hispanics ’ views of the impact of unauthorized immigration on U.S. Hispanics have nearly returned to those of 2007 . Then , when asked a slightly different question,1 half ( 50 % ) of Hispanic adults said the growing number of unauthorized
behind the shooting offer a variety of explanations . When asked to describe , in their own words
European middle classes
just as likely to watch video news on a computer ,
covering the story . This compares to only 40 % of Republicans and 47 % of Independents who are closely following news about Iraq . The News Interest Index is a weekly survey conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press aimed at gauging the public ’s interest in and reaction to major news events . This project has been undertaken in conjunction with the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , an ongoing content analysis of the news .
found the opposite to be true among non - Republican primary voters – 76 % have reservations or are uncomfortable with a lack of experience . 3Republicans still overwhelmingly oppose Obamacare and the Iran nuclear agreement . About
about Michelle Obama vs. 53 % for Cindy McCain ) . But significantly more say what they have been hearing about Mrs. Obama is negative than say that about Mrs. McCain ( 26 % vs. 7 % ) . Republicans are more likely than Democrats to say they have been hearing mostly negative news about Michelle Obama . Among the Republicans who have heard at least a little about Mrs. Obama , 33 % say most of what they have heard or read about her has been
, respectively ,
office . Currently ,
professional . About a third of veterans ( 35 % ) say they had trouble paying their bills in their first few years after leaving the military , and roughly three - in - ten ( 28 % ) say they received unemployment compensation . One - in - five say they struggled with alcohol or substance abuse . Veterans who say they have suffered from PTS are much more likely to report experiencing these things than those who did not . Roughly six - in - ten ( 61 % ) say they had trouble paying their bills , about four - in - ten ( 42 % ) say they had trouble getting medical care for themselves or their families
March 31
A third of Republicans
possible . Democratic support for a troop withdrawal has risen modestly ( from 54 % ) since May. A narrow majority of independents ( 53 % ) believe the war was the right decision , up slightly from May ( 48 % ) . Half of independents say U.S. forces should remain in Iraq until a stable government is formed , while 46 % think they should be brought home as soon as possible . Those opinions
negative characteristics with the U.S. leader . Most say he is arrogant , intolerant and dangerous , while few think of him as well - qualified or as someone who cares about ordinary people . Describing Trump as charismatic is more common , although global publics on balance do not think of him as charismatic either . They do , however , see Trump as a strong leader – a median of 55 % across the nations polled describe him this way . Attitudes toward the U.
counterparts . )
professors a warm rating
and 69 %
students , 37
53 ) are divided in their assessments : 45 % of Gen Xers name Reagan , while nearly as many mention Obama ( 41 % ) or Clinton ( 39 % ) . Reagan is the top choice among Boomers ( ages 54 to 72 ) and Silents ( ages 73 to 90 ) ; about four - in - ten in the two older generations name Reagan ( 42 % of Boomers , 38 % of Silents ) . But within
54 % view the NRA ’s influence
Census Bureau ( 13 % of those in the districts with the highest death rate , 14 % of those in districts with the lowest death rate ) . Note : Here is the   methodology used for the report
Obama receives about the same
keep national defense
in 2012 ,
and Med
’s American Trends
s only are
terms . When it comes to other events of 2014 , partisans largely agree on what they are looking forward to . The Olympics and Super Bowl are high on both parties ’ lists , while the World Cup ranks much
were 75 % and
about four - in - ten of
Democrats say black people are treated less fairly than whites by the police ( 88 % ) and the criminal justice system ( 86 % ) , according to the 2019 poll . About four - in - ten white Republicans
differences by political party
top three reflect the same three issues Hispanic registered voters identified as most important in 2010 ( Lopez , 2010 ) and in 2008 ( Lopez and Minushkin , 2008 ) . One - third ( 33 % ) of Latino registered voters say immigration is extremely important to them personally , statistically unchanged since 2010 . About a third also describes taxes and the federal budget deficit as extremely important issues . Among the report ’s other findings :
their hard work
U.S
grown increasingly negative
( 35 % ) say it will help ; 23 % say it will have no impact . These are among the major findings from the latest survey of Brazil by the Pew Research Center . The survey is based on face - to - face interviews conducted between April 10 and April 30 , 2014 among a representative sample of 1,003 randomly selected adults from across the country . The survey also finds widespread concern about rising prices : 85 %
.7 % three decades later . The reasons for that decline are many and heatedly debated
television outlets on this measure . Among the panelists who have heard of NPR , 55 % trust it . The same is true of 57 % of those who have heard of CNN and 53 % of those who have heard of NBC and of ABC . 3What about the ratio of trust to distrust ?   Another way to think of trust is to compare trust and distrust in a news source . In other words , what is the ratio of people who trust a news
are similar to their high - school - educated
52 % ) lack confidence in the American leader , unchanged from 2013 , but down from a peak of 68 % in 2011 . Fully 41 % offer no opinion about Obama . Drone strikes against extremist organizations , a key element of the Obama administration ’s national security policy , are widely unpopular in Pakistan , which has been the target of numerous strikes in recent years . Two - in - three Pakistanis oppose U.S. drone
error attributable to sampling is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism
had applications pending
college ’s primary role is
1973 . VA projections
below the median percentages that we found in other emerging and developing countries . Still , the technology
highest shares of Latinos among
Cuba , up nine
In January 2001 , as George W. Bush took office , 35 % felt like they would gain under the new president , 26 % said they would lose , and 33 % said they would be unaffected . In January 1993 , 43 % felt like they would gain under Bill Clinton ’s administration , 22 % said they would lose , and 27 % felt they would unaffected . As might be expected , people ’s opinions about whether they would gain or lose influence
the internet is their main source – up 16 points from 2007 – and 63 % cite television – down eight points . The internet also has grown as a news source for people ages 50 to 64 ; currently 34 % say the internet is their main source of national and international news , nearly equal to the number who cite newspapers ( 38 % ) , though still far below television ( 71 % ) . There has been relatively little change in the how people age 65 and
5 times the rate
loss from 2000 to 2010 . Population growth was once the norm in Puerto Rico . The island ’s population grew by 10 % from 1980 to 1990 , and by 8 % from 1990 to 2000 . But as the effects of a decade - long economic recession have mounted , Puerto Ricans – who are U.S. citizens at birth – have increasingly moved to the U.S. mainland , with many settling in Florida . In addition , fertility on the island
and the courts are
Currently , 58 % say they are hearing mostly bad news about the economy , 39 % say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news and just 1 % say they are hearing mostly good economic news . This is a
to the opposing party – like his rating among members of the opposing party – was much lower than recent presidents ’ . In fact , his rating among Democratic - leaning independents during his first two years was about as low as his rating among Democrats ( 7 % in 2017 , 9 % in 2018 ) . Trump ’s rating also was low among independents who have no partisan leanings . Only about a quarter
U.S. , a view shared by nearly seven - in - ten adults in the general public ( 69 % ) . In addition , half of U.S. Muslim adults ( 50 % ) say that in recent years it has become more difficult to be a Muslim in the U.S. , with 10 % of this group attributing this to discrimination , racism
a significant increase from a generation ago . And nearly half of today ’s working dads ( 46 % ) say that they spend more time with their kids than their parents spent with them . When it comes to parenting , dads are harder on themselves than moms are , especially dads who say they do n’t spend enough time with their children . Among working dads who say they spend too little time with their kids , only 49 % say they are doing an excellent or good job as a parent . In contrast , among dads who say they spend the right amount of time with their kids
in the four Western European countries surveyed . Asked if they agree that “ success in life is pretty much determined by forces outside our control , ” Americans again offer more individualistic views than those expressed by Western Europeans . Only 36 % of Americans believe they have little control over their fate , compared with 50 % in Spain , 57 % in France and 72 % in Germany ; Britain is the only Western European country surveyed where fewer than half ( 41 % ) share this view
drilling . Support for increased offshore energy drilling is approaching its pre - Gulf spill level ; in February 2010 , the public backed increased offshore drilling by about two - to - one ( 63 % to 31 % ) . The survey shows that substantial majorities continue to support increased federal funding for research on wind , solar and hydrogen technology ( 74 % ) , spending more on subway , rail and bus systems ( 61 % ) , and providing tax incentives for the purchase of hybrid vehicles (
vs. 13 % ) . Other reasons why people think dating is harder include technology ( 12 % ) , the idea that dating has become more impersonal ( 10 % ) , the more casual nature of dating today ( 9 % ) , and changing societal expectations , moral or gender roles ( 8 % ) . Technology tops the list of reasons why
and 58 %
liberal Democrats ( 90 %
wall . Democrats oppose this
34 % of
or more in Pakistan ( 89 % ) , Indonesia ( 81 % ) , Nigeria ( 78 % ) and Tunisia ( 77 % ) , say suicide bombings or other acts of violence that target civilians are never justified .
Obama is handling the economy , while 65 % disapprove . Only about one - in - five independents ( 21 % ) give Obama positive marks on the economy , while 75 % disapprove . About
% say his address will be more important than previous years ’ speeches ; 11 % say it will be less important and 49 % say it will be about as important as past State of the Union addresses . These opinions are little different from expectations about last year ’s speech ; in January 2010 , 39 % said his State of the Union would be more important than past addresses . The survey finds that just 23 % are satisfied with current national conditions , which is little changed from the last few months . And compared with the late 1990s , there is far less optimism about the country ’s long - term future . In May 1999 ,
of immigrant eligible
conditions has not translated into significant optimism about the economic future , however . A median
61 % ) say the
adults (
Spanish / Hispanic / Latino ? ” In recent years , the Census Bureau has studied an alternative approach to counting Hispanics that combines the questions that ask about Hispanic origin and race . However , this change did not appear in the 2020 census . Note : This is an update to a post originally published on May 28 , 2009 , by Jeffrey S. Passel , senior
always existed in their present form . This mirrors Carson ’s view : The candidate has been a vocal critic of evolution ,
more information about the Project
to come . Among the public overall , health concerns from the coronavirus have changed little over the past two months : 62 % are very or somewhat concerned they might unknowingly spread the coronavirus to others , including
projected to come from Nigeria
April 23 -
foreign - born Latinos speak mainly or only English at work ( 29 % ) . Fewer than half ( 43 % ) of foreign - born Latinos speak mainly or only Spanish on the job , versus the three - quarters who do so at home . The main data sources for this report are six surveys conducted for the Pew Hispanic Center from April 2002 to October 2006 . They included interviews with more than 14,000 native - born and foreign - born Latino
of George Floyd . About eight - in - ten of the youngest adults ( 83 % ) follow that news very or fairly closely – roughly on par with every other age group except those 65 and older ( 90 % ) .
they have signed
confidence in scientists
these are also the top origin countries in the overall U.S. immigrant population ) . But beyond that , the country profiles of these two groups differ somewhat . Among the birth countries with the most people who adjusted their status were Cuba   and South Korea , whose majority of nationals have been admitted in the employment - related category . New arrivals were more likely to be from the Dominican Republic , Haiti and Vietnam ( overwhelmingly with family sponsorship ) , and the Philippines ( mainly with family sponsorship ) . Unlike temporary residents , immigrants who become lawful permanent residents are allowed to live and work anywhere in the U.S.
s say their community
a large lead in the generic ballot . However , those who plan to vote Republican this fall have given more thought than Democratic voters to the midterm elections . Nearly six - in - ten ( 58 % ) Republican voters have given “ quite a lot ” of thought to the elections , compared with 44 % of Democratic voters . At about this point in the 2010 midterms , overall voter preferences also were closely divided . About as many Republicans
group . Accordingly , biracial white and black is the biggest multiracial population in 29 states . The states with the highest
they are viewed . This survey asked about three different types of messaging apps that people might have on their smartphones and found that : In general , messaging apps are especially popular among younger smartphone owners . Some 56 % of smartphone
among Democrats on whether a vote for Trump would strain a friendship . Liberal Democrats are about evenly divided between saying say their friendship would be strained ( 47 % ) if a friend said they voted for
against the sitting president . At this point in 2006 , 34 % of voters regarded their midterm vote as opposition to Bush while 17 % said it was
is in their nation ’s interest to work closely with the West . 4Russian President Vladimir Putin gets high marks on foreign affairs . Overall , nearly nine - in - ten Russians say they are confident in their president ’s ability to do the right thing in world affairs , with 58 % expressing a lot of confidence . When it comes to bilateral relationships , Russians give Putin high ratings on his handling of relations with the U.S. ( 73 % approve ) , the EU ( 67 % ) and Ukraine ( 63 % ) . But these ratings are down substantially from 2015 , when 85 % approved of Putin ’
March and April
putting on a brave face in the wake of the historic devastation wrought by the March 11 earthquake and tsunami . Fully 58 % of the public believes that Japan will become a stronger nation as a result of the twin disasters , while about a third ( 32 % ) think the March calamities will weaken the country . This sense of promise is consistent across age , income and other major demographic groups . Yet , there is also a clear sense that the road ahead will
41 % supported
of political activism
their bigger concern
the public still disapproved of the president ’s stewardship of the economy . While opinion of his handling of Iraq has inched up since the early summer , nearly six - in - ten voters ( 58 % ) say it is not clear what Bush will do about Iraq if he is reelected . As more time has passed since the Aug. 30 - Sept.2 Republican convention , Kerry ’s unfavorable ratings have rec
drilling . Support for increased offshore energy drilling is approaching its pre - Gulf spill level ; in February 2010 , the public backed increased offshore drilling by about two - to - one ( 63 % to 31 % ) . The survey shows that substantial majorities continue to support increased federal funding for research on wind , solar and hydrogen technology ( 74 % ) , spending more on subway , rail and bus systems ( 61 % ) , and providing tax incentives for the purchase of hybrid vehicles (
tank
a modest partisan gap : 66 % of Democrats say the unemployment rate has been decreasing , compared with 56
570,000 immigrants held
the question was
people . Fully 63 % have “ not very much ” confidence or “ no confidence at all . ”
There are also
about a
the labor force in 2000 , up from 47 % in 1975 ( the first year for which data on mothers ’ labor force
( For more on
a dating site or app . This too follows a pattern similar to that seen in overall use , with adults under the age of 50 , those who are LGB or who have higher levels of educational attainment more likely to report finding a spouse or committed partner through these platforms . Online dating users are more likely to describe their overall experience with using dating sites or apps in positive , rather than negative , terms . Some 57 % of Americans who have ever used a dating site
In those countries , half of all households have high - speed connections .   Although about a third of home Internet users in America have signed up for broadband , many wonder why more have n’t done so .   In our surveys , it is difficult to probe why some Internet user do not choose to get broadband connections . After all , they have chosen not to buy something about which they may know very little .   We do , however ,
say it provides
- ten League supporters also
U.S. while
reaching a younger , more ethnically diverse segment of the population ) or how respondents are selected within households that are reached . To the extent that declining response rates may be creating more nonresponse bias in surveys , the weighting applied to fix the biases must become more aggressive . This comes with a cost , since weighting also results in some loss of precision in the sample and to smaller effective sample sizes . To assess how the biases in core demographic characteristics are changing over time , the unweighted demographic composition of Pew Research Center samples was compared with government benchmarks on four key variables across a quarter
) of
to get tougher with China on trade and economic issues . Yet while Americans may see China as
view . Views of churches ’ impact also are
who gave birth in the 12 months prior to the survey were unmarried . That was similar to the 45 % rate for all Hispanic women and greater than the 38 % overall rate for U.S. women . Regional dispersion . Salvadorans are concentrated in the South ( 42 % ) and in the West ( 39 % ) , mostly in California ( 34 % ) . Educational attainment . Salvadorans have lower levels
of the country ; younger and older Americans ; whites , African Americans and Hispanics ; and even the correct share of adults who rely on cell phones as opposed to landline phones , these are all known , and relatively stable
, U.S
most want better relations and deeper economic ties with Pakistan . More than eight - in - ten Indians ( 83 % ) say it is important that relations with Pakistan improve , while more than six - in - ten ( 63 % ) believe an increase in trade and business ties between the two countries would be good for India . And 63 % also favor further talks between India and Pakistan to reduce tensions . These are the latest findings from a
less activist federal government . The number of Republicans ranking the budget deficit as a top priority has spiked to 84 % compared to 68 % a year ago , and 42 % five years ago . Concern has also risen among Democrats and independents , but nowhere near to the degree it has among Republicans . About two - thirds ( 66 % ) of Democrats rank the deficit as a top priority compared to 61 % last year and 57 % in 2007 . Just over six - in
stricter laws . The Center ’s survey found other indications that gun owners are more politically engaged than non - gun owners . For example , while only 16 % of U.S. adults say they ’ve ever given money to an organization that takes a position on gun policy , gun owners are again more likely than non - gun owners to say they have done so . Among gun owners , 28 % say they have
Changing Religious
large majority ( 81
only 13 % of Sunnis have a favorable opinion of the Syrian president . In most countries , ratings of Assad have been similarly low since the first time this question was asked . However , opinion has become more favorable in Tunisia over the past five years ( up 13 percentage points since 2012 ) . Opinions of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani are generally similar to opinions of Assad . Fewer than 10 % in both Israel and Jordan hold a positive view of the Iranian
numbers this way ? Because the composition of the U.S. trade deficit may say as much about the international competitive position of the United States as the trade figures we see in headlines . The U.S. per capita trade imbalance with both China and Germany has deepened   since 2009 , but Germany ’s has done so   faster . This growing competition from high - value - added products from Germany may be no less challenging in its own way than the competition posed by the far more numerous lower - value - added goods from China . And as China ’s exports of high - value products to the U.S.
so is key to Facebook ’s future . As the company said
drop - off voters said it mattered a lot whether Democrats or Republicans controlled the government , compared with 52
01 or higher . The NIM scale also provides an opportunity to explore whether factors such as age , political ideology or religious affiliation are associated with these kinds of attitudes . The analysis finds that : While younger people tend to score lower on the NIM , statistical analysis suggests that , in Western Europe overall , this has less to do with their age and more to do with factors like religion and familiarity with Muslims . For example , younger Western Europeans are more
similar political views to their own , while just 4 % say that most of the people they follow have political views that are different from theirs . The above relationship – in which a majority of users follow either a mix of people with different beliefs or say they are n’t sure of the political views of the people they follow – holds for the three types of Twitter users identified in this analysis ( political tweeters , nonpolitical tweeters and infre
in the unemployment rate . There also is a modest partisan gap :
There is general
. By contrast , Democrats ’ satisfaction with the country has plummeted following the election : Just 16 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say they are satisfied with the way things are going
Excellence in Journalism . Election news was the second most covered story last week , with 12 % of the newshole dedicated to primaries around the country , but the public was not especially engaged with that story : While
full - time will also
the right amount
eligible immigrant ( i.e. , will meet
In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error
, compared with
whose primary religious
a clear plan
Nearly 7 -
agencies – did not res
the past
Americans as rude . This view is shared by larger majorities in Indonesia ( 56 % ) and Jordan ( 64 % ) . Overall views of the United States as a nation have improved considerably since the 2005 survey was conducted . ( For example , from 2003 to 2008 , relatively few in Indonesia had a favorable opinion of the U.S. ; now a 63%-majority does . ) Whether
44 % of Republican and Republican - leaning voters name Romney as the candidate they have heard the most about recently , compared with 16 % who name Santorum and 12 % Gingrich . In 2008 , both Democrats and Republicans grew increasingly satisfied with the quality of the candidates for their party ’s nomination as the campaign progressed . By contrast , the continued lackluster ratings offered by Republicans this year track more closely with how Democrats viewed their
S. Muslims mentioned discrimination , racism or prejudice . Meanwhile , 13 % point to ignorance or misconceptions about Islam , 10 % mention views of Muslims as terrorists , 9 % mention negative media portrayals in general , and 9 % mention President Donald Trump ’s attitudes and/or policies toward Muslims . About one - in - ten ( 9 % ) identify no problems . Muslims also were asked whether they had experienced specific types of discrimination over the previous 12 months . About one - third ( 32 % ) say that others have acted suspicious because they are Muslim , one - fifth say they had been called offensive
in 2008 to
Trump administration to
opinion of Americans . As with ratings of the U.S. overall , Turkey ’s is the lowest rating among the 25 nations surveyed . Concerns about American unilateralism also continue . Just 15 % of Turks think the U.S. considers the interests of countries like theirs when
faith . 2Muslims make up a very small share of the population in New Zealand , a country with fewer than 5 million people (
Moderate and liberal Republicans are 11 percentage points less likely
the Republican in their district say they are “ absolutely certain ” to vote this fall as said this in June 2010 . Three - quarters of Republican voters ( 76 % ) say they are absolutely certain to vote , compared with 67 % of Democratic voters . Four years ago , 77 % of Republican voters and 64 % of Democratic voters said they were absolutely certain to vote in the fall . Barack Obama is as powerful a motivating factor for Republican voters as he was
35,000 .
Facebook most often ( 45 % of boys vs. 36 % of girls ) . Girls are more likely than boys to say they use Instagram ( 23 % of girls vs. 17 % of boys ) and Tumblr
reliance on renewable
upper - income tier increased from 14 % to
share as say that today . In 1995 , 77 % of Republicans said the GOP was keeping its campaign promises – the highest share among a winning party in the past two decades . Even 44 % of Democrats said
the global spread of the pandemic . Around three - quarters of Republicans ( 73 % ) say China ’s early handling of the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan contributed a great deal to its global spread
:   An earlier version of this
the previous week
level of
to the presidential
those ages 80 and
to play than adults with some college experience ( 50 % ) . About four - in - ten of those who did not attend college ( 42 % ) say they play video games . In spite of other recent research that suggests that playing video
the nations included in the study . Overall , attitudes toward the EU are largely positive . Majorities in most nations polled express a favorable opinion of the Brussels - based institution , with roughly seven - in - ten in Poland and Spain
( 24 % ) say the bigger problem is the way researchers publish and share their findings . At the same time , roughly four - in - ten U.S. adults say the public not knowing enough about science ( 44 % ) and jumping to conclusions about how to apply research findings to their lives ( 42 % ) are big problems in coverage of research findings . 3Twice as many social media users distrust science posts on these platforms as trust
the poverty
partisan differences that were evident then persist today ( the item about governmental checks and balances was not included in October ) . Nearly all Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 92 % ) and Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 90 % ) view open and fair elections as very important to maintaining a strong democracy . In addition , large majorities in both parties ( 83 % of Republicans , 85 % of Democrats ) view a system of checks
drop - off voters said it mattered a lot whether Democrats or Republicans controlled the government , compared
the Federal Trade
points in 10 years . For more findings on
deciding factors , while 22
form and write
; in 2014 just 38 %
( 2 %
lives who fostered their interests
country — up seven points from 2002 , and again , the highest percentage among Western countries . Italian attitudes are overwhelmingly negative toward immigrants from the Middle East and North Africa , as well as immigrants from Eastern Europe . Two - thirds say immigration from each of these
do not believe the
while . ” … “ I gave it up for Lent . ” … “ I was fasting . ” … “ People were [ posting ] what they had for dinner . ” … “ I did n’t like being
% . During the same
5 million in 2050 . But now , the latest projections say the population will reach 49.8 million in 2050 , about 10 million less than the earlier projection . This lower projected population shows how California ’s demographic future will continue to be tied to Latinos , a group that for decades has played a key role in the state ’s demographics
as good .
are respected ,
% ) of U.S. citizens ages 21 and older ; they are admitted without quotas . Other family admission visas – for adult children and siblings of U.S. citizens , and spouses and children of lawful permanent residents – are subject to category and country limits . About 144,000 green cards in fiscal 2015 went to people on employment visas and their family members . About 152,000 went
Note : Here is the list of
and Democratic leaners
should be legal for personal use and just 16 % say it should not be legal at all . Majorities across nearly all demographic and partisan groups say the use of marijuana should be legal , at least for medicinal use . Despite
Catholics view Francis unfavorably . In fact , in most countries with sizable differences , non - Catholics are more likely to have no set opinion of the pope than a negative one . The biggest differences among favorable views of Francis appear in Latin American countries . While the pope receives extremely positive marks from Catholics throughout the region , wide gaps exist between Catholics and non - Catholics in Mexico ( -63 percentage points ) , Nicaragua ( -58 ) , El Salvador
enforce religious norms ,
pande
only 13 % of Sunnis have a favorable opinion of the Syrian president . In most countries , ratings of Assad have been similarly low since the first time this question was asked . However , opinion has become more favorable in Tunisia over the past five years ( up 13 percentage points since 2012 ) . Opinions of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani are generally similar to opinions of Assad . Fewer than 10 % in both Israel and Jordan hold a positive view of the Iranian
% , France 13 % , Germany 12 % and other countries significantly less . Note : Here are the questions used
being of
the findings from a new Pew Research Center survey of 7,022 people in seven European Union member countries – France , Germany , Greece , Italy , Poland , Spain and the United Kingdom – conducted from March 17 to April 9 , 2014 . The euro crisis that began in 2008 dealt a savage blow to the image of the European Union . Between 2007 and 2013 , EU favorability fell by 34 percentage points in Spain , 21 points in France
.S.
( 27 % ) say the economy was the story they followed most closely last week . As the new Democratic president starts his term , close to two - thirds of Americans ( 64 % ) say press coverage has been fair , about the same percentage that found coverage of Obama fair in the first days of 2009 ( 61 % ) . In early January , 23 % said press coverage of Obama had not been critical enough , slightly more than now say the same ( 18 % ) . In recent days , Obama has faced more questions about some nominees for top office , such as newly confirmed Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner , as well
in the American president . These are among the key findings from a new survey by the Pew Research Center of 14,997 people in 12 countries and the Palestinian territories from March 3 to April 12 , 2013 . Survey countries include Lebanon ,
, conducted April 23 - 26 , 2010 :
% of conservative and moderate
they have had a
in the survey : In addition to
that the share of Republicans and Republican leaners who called themselves Tea Party supporters had dropped from 61 % in November 2010 to 41 % today , according to a survey conducted in late April . However , one strength that Tea Party adherents maintain when it comes to their potential impact in the party is that they are more enthusiastic , by a 52 % to 35 % margin , about voting in this year ’s midterm elections than all other Republicans
an adversary now than in March ( 32 % now , 23 % then ) , while Democrats ’ views are little changed . Still , more Republicans , Democrats and independents view Russia as an adversary today than did so last November . Younger adults remain the least likely to describe Russia as an adversary . Today , just 15 % of those under 30 say this , compared with 25 % of those ages 30 - 49 and about three - in - ten ( 31
in a democratic direction : 41 % of
a post originally
study that examined coverage of four prominent ethnic , racial and religious groups – Asians , Africans / African - Americans , Hispanics and Muslims – in 55 U.S. news outlets , including 13 newspapers , 15 cable programs , the 7
approval . ) Views of Congress remain historically negative : just 21 % have a favorable opinion of Congress while 70 % view it un
19 pandemic ( # covid19 , # coronovirus ) , Twitter - related updates ( # mytwitteranniversary , # newprofilepic ) and those related to various marketing ( # sweepstakes , # contest , # giveaway ) . A pronounced difference between Democrats and Republicans relates to use of the # BlackLivesMatter hashtag . Some 4 % of Democrats on Twitter used this hashtag at least once between Nov. 11 , 2019 , and Sep. 14
are less enamored with their court systems – the only institution polled which receives support from less than half of respondents . Overall , there have been only slight changes in views of these national groups and institutions since 2007 , but within a few countries there have been dramatic swings in opinion . For instance , in Turkey , where President Erdogan has made weakening the influence of the military on civilian government a top priority , support for the armed forces has sharply declined in the last seven years . In the Middle East , a median of just 40 % say that religious leaders are having a good influence on their country
relations than young people do . For instance , 53 % of those ages 50 and older say China ’s human rights
disagree . And
( 60 % )
be more
those who see decline lay fault at the feet of the news media . Those who think interpersonal
in their country ,
impression of Obama
to pre - recession levels . These are among the main findings from a new survey by Pew Research Center , conducted in 16 countries among 20,132 respondents from April 4 to May 29 , 2016 , before the United Kingdom ’s so - called Brexit referendum to exit the EU . In only six of the 16 countries surveyed do a majority of people feel their national economy is in good shape . Even before the Brexit vote caused economic turmoil , Europeans generally took a depressed view of the economy . In seven of the 10 European countries surveyed , roughly half or less see their country ’s economic situation as good
likely to favor legalized abortion . Fully 75 % say abortion should be legal in all or most cases , while 20 % say abortions should be illegal in all or most cases . Roughly two - thirds ( 65 % ) in the Pacific Coast region , and solid majorities in the Mid - Atlantic ( 61 % ) and Mountain West ( 59 % ) also favor legal abortion . At the other end of the spectrum , residents of the South Central states –
number of Mexican immigrants apprehended at the border and the interior has continued to decline from a high of 1.
parents ’ generation , and their beliefs and practices are closer in line with those of the Israeli Jewish public overall . For example , children of FSU immigrants are more likely than their parents to believe in God ( 70 % vs. 55 % ) . Only 60 % of second - generation FSU Jews say they are Hiloni ( secular ) , compared with 81 % of FSU immigrants who say so . And while 4 % of first - generation
gaps between blacks and whites . The unemployment rate for blacks in 2015 was roughly double that of whites across all educational categories ,
and 62 % ,
be . Russian President Vladimir Putin retains the confidence of his people in handling international
a lower rate of divorce . The climbing divorce rate for adults ages 50 and older is linked in part to the aging of the Baby Boomers , who now make up the bulk of this age group . ( As of 2015 , Baby Boomers ranged in age from 51 to 69 . ) During their young adulthood , Baby Boomers had unprecedented levels of divorce . Their marital instability earlier in life is contributing to the rising divorce rate among adults ages
, a California teenager ; 42 % heard a little about this and 28 % heard nothing at all . An identical percentage ( 30 % ) heard a lot about the California man who was killed by police at
A&T State University . In contrast to other higher - learning institutions , HBCUs tend to be relatively small , with more than half of these schools serving 2,500 or fewer students . Some HBCUs have been in the headlines recently , with stories ranging from budgetary and school cost issues to low graduation rates . HBCU leaders are scheduled to meet with GOP lawmakers today to discuss the “ challenges and importance of these institutions , ” and President Donald Trump is expected to issue an executive order dealing in some way with issues facing HBCUs . As desegre
in November versus one year ago . The declines in the user base of each of these applications from November 2002 to November 2003 were : 15 % for KaZaa , 25 % for WinMX , 9 % for BearShare , and
team sport to
W. Bush ’s administration , Republicans felt much more favorably toward the Supreme Court than did Democrats
Mike Huckabee has similar levels of both recognition and support among Republican voters . By comparison ,
; women are
served as vice president
rove of his
on school prayer . More than seven - in - ten people ( 73 % ) living in the South say they disapprove of the high court ’s decisions on the topic in the 2012 GSS . But many in Costner ’s generation have a different view . Nationwide , about 56 % of those ages 18 - 29 say they approve of the ban on school prayer – by far the highest share of any age group
grounds .
of political activism
average than said this of George
that of their
in - ten report saying grace or a prayer before family meals at least sometimes , and 28 % say they read religious scriptures as a family with the same frequency . Among Hispanic teens who do religious
divided over whether there was more that the government could do to prevent
practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , go to www.journalism.org
33 % )
person than via text or email . Americans who know at least some of their neighbors are more than twice as likely to say they have face - to - face conversations with them several times a week ( 20 % ) than over the phone or by email or text message ( 7 % each ) . 3About two - thirds of Americans who know at least some of their neighbors ( 66 % ) would feel comfortable asking to leave a set of
years – 2005 , 2006
. The media also maintained their focus on the economy . According to a separate analysis
the right amount
by a
S. electorate is
only 13 % of Sunnis have a favorable opinion of the Syrian president . In most countries , ratings of Assad have been similarly low since the first time this question was asked . However , opinion has become more favorable in Tunisia over the past five years ( up 13 percentage points since 2012 ) . Opinions of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani are generally similar to opinions of Assad . Fewer than 10 % in both Israel and Jordan hold a positive view of the Iranian
Barely a quarter ( 26 % ) would agree to military intervention in Iran , while 42 % want to avoid a military conflict even if that means the Iranians develop a nuclear weapons capacity . In other parts of the world , the Brazilians ( 55 % ) and the Mexicans ( 54 % ) would back the use of force . But only two - in - five Japanese ( 40 % ) would agree to do so . Sentiment in Japan seems to be shifting somewhat . In 2010
stricter laws . The Center ’s survey found other indications that gun owners are more politically engaged than non - gun owners . For example , while only 16 % of U.S. adults say they ’ve ever given money to an organization that takes a position on gun policy , gun owners are again more likely than non - gun owners to say they have done so . Among gun owners , 28 % say they have ever
overwhelmingly support both alternatives
line results and
much more likely to say individuals should
) may have made
. In 1990 , the United Nations High Commissioner on Refugees estimated that about 470,000 of the total Somali global diaspora ( about 55 % ) was living in a temporary refugee situation . By 2014 , that number had grown to 1.1 million
2066
around the world , according to a   Pew Research Center report   published in 2012 .
the 95 %
each income tier and the
Journalism‘s News Coverage Index , which monitors the news reported by major newspaper , television , radio and online news outlets on an ongoing basis . In the most recent week , data relating to news coverage was collected from
Mike Huckabee has similar levels of both recognition and support among Republican voters . By comparison ,
. Refugees with no religious affiliation were
35- to 39 - year - olds had ever been married . So the recent slide in new marriages among less - educated adults is part of a long - run decline in entry into marriage among these adults . But , also consider : It is one thing to get married , it is another thing to stay married .   In spite of the recent uptick in newlyweds since 2011 , it is still the case that fewer adults were currently
( 48 % ) said most people would think they were Hispanic if they passed them on the street . Note : Here are the questions used for this analysis
Americans have used home - sharing platforms like Airbnb or VRBO , but roughly half have never heard of home - sharing sites . In addition : Each of these individual platforms has its own unique user base . Still , exposure to these shared , collaborative and on - demand services at a broad level is heavily concentrated among certain demographic cohorts . In particular : College graduates – 39 % of college graduates have used four or more of these services , compared with just 8 % of those with a high school degree or less . At the same time , around one - quarter of college graduates have used none (
Americans are about
followed news about
Among whites , blacks
in older generations
in public confidence
voters , 4.4
slightly more negative over the last year . But in Britain worries about Islamic extremism are intense among both the general public and the Muslim minority population as well . Concerns about the problem rose markedly this year among the general public . And worries about extremism within the British Muslim community are greater than in France , Germany , and Spain . The survey by the Pew Global Attitudes Project was conducted in 13 countries , including the United States , from March 31 - May 14
countries . Republicans and Democrats have divergent opinions about nearly all aspects of the coronavirus outbreak , and this includes views of the U.S. response compared with other affluent nations . Still , while more Republicans than Democrats offer positive assessments of the U.S. response , just 22
relations than young people do . For instance , 53 % of those ages 50 and older say China ’s human rights
the Catholic population today . In our surveys , as of 2013 , one - third ( 33 % ) of all U.S. Catholic adults were Hispanic . That paradox is possible because of the growing size of the Hispanic population , which has increased from 12.5 % of the total U.S. population in 2000 to 16.9 % in 2012 . If both trends continue , at some point in the future , it is possible that a majority of U.S. Catholics will be Hispanic even though the majority of Hispanics will no longer be Catholic . The share of Hispanics who are Catholic likely
more in each
other kinds of crime . And since the BJS data is based on after - the - fact interviews with victims , it can not provide information about one especially high - profile type of crime : murder . All those caveats aside , looking at the FBI and BJS statistics side - by - side does give researchers a good picture of U.S. violent and property crime rates and how they have changed over time . Property crime in the U.
or open it as a PDF ) for detailed characteristics of immigrant eligible
influence on education were more positive , though :
or more in Pakistan ( 89 % ) , Indonesia ( 81 % ) , Nigeria ( 78 % ) and Tunisia ( 77 % ) , say suicide bombings or other acts of violence that target civilians are never justified .
overdoses , according to the CDC . There were 19,172 fatal overdoses in urban counties in 2016 , up 25 % from the year before . Suburban counties experienced 36,424 such deaths , up 22 % , while rural counties saw 8,036 deaths , up 9 % . ( This analysis uses the National Center for Health Statistics county classification scheme to assign each county to a community type .   Pew Research Center used the   same approach   in its analysis
divided five years from now . Still , just 36 % of Republicans say this ;
. In the U.S. , Republicans ( 40 % ) are more likely than Democrats ( 29 % ) to say that international relations will remain the same once the crisis is over . The opposite is true when it comes to cooperation , with 24 % of Republicans saying they expect greater cooperation between countries , while 34
themselves as conservative Republicans increased by 9 percentage
people really like
Pew has found , the United States is the most religious nation – in sharp contrast to mostly secular Western Europe . A 58 % majority in the U.S. views belief in God as a prerequisite to morality – just a third of Germans and even fewer Italians , British and French agree . Yet it is also the case that these differences are not new . The values gap is no larger than it was in the early 1990s , when
many ( 23
tend to favor
data available for each year
earth ’
generation . Generational analysis is an important tool used by Pew Research Center and other researchers . This report aims to describe
has almost quad
% of these registered voters said they actually voted in 2006 , up from 58 % in 2002 . By contrast , 71 % of white eligible voters registered in 2006 , two percentage points higher than in 2002 . About 72 % of these registered voters said they voted in last year ’s mid - term elections , one percentage point higher than in 2002 . The shares of blacks who registered and voted declined from 2002 to 2006 . Registration rates decreased by two percentage points , to
of the campaign since the outset , GOP approval has increased since Donald Trump ’s election : 82 % currently approve , up from 64 % last October and higher than at any other past point . By contrast , both Democratic approval of the military efforts against ISIS and assessments of the campaign ’s effectiveness show considerably less change : 63 % of Democrats now approve , nearly identical to the shares who said this throughout 2015 and 2016 . And 50 % now say the campaign is going very or fairly well , up eight points from the 42 % who said this last fall . As a result , while there were only modest partisan
s ( 12 % ) and Russians ( 16 % ) think the two countries should unite as a single state . Those living in Ukraine ’s East ( 26 % ) and South ( 19 % ) are somewhat more enthusiastic about the idea of
that mentioned QAno
remained basically steady in Spain and France
system is fair
likely to say they would definitely or probably get vaccinated ( 83 % ) . The coronavirus is thought to be a particular health risk for older adults , who are more likely to have complicating preexisting conditions and weaker immune systems to combat the disease . Three - quarters of adults ages 65 and older say they would definitely or probably get vaccinated , compared with 55 % of those under age 30 . Those with higher family
and Egyptians ( 73 %
same - sex marriage .
to 44
divide on attitudes toward drinking which has long been an issue troubling Russian society . About half of Russian women ( 52 % ) say drinking alcohol is morally wrong , but only 36 % of Russian men agree . And 52 % of Russians over the age of 50 also say drinking is morally unacceptable , while only 39 % of those under 30 say the same . A recent study published in The Lancet medical journal reinforces evidence “ that
across the seven
influence , compared with just 28 % of LDP backers and 23 % of those who either
available . Younger Americans are generally more positive than older Americans regarding the efficiency of government and the job it does in regulating business and helping the disadvantaged . Yet they are also more favorable toward business on some questions . Younger Americans were also substantially more likely than other age groups to favor President Bush ’s proposal to create private accounts in the Social Security system . Of course , there ’s no guarantee that opinions held today by young people will still be their views when they are older . People do change . But many fundamental values and political orientations are likely to be much the same as they grow older
Democrats and Democratic leaners to have a very unfavorable view of China , to criticize the Chinese government ’s role in the global pandemic and to want to take a tougher policy approach to
partisan differences that were evident then persist today ( the item about governmental checks and balances was not included in October ) . Nearly all Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 92 % ) and Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 90 % ) view open and fair elections as very important to maintaining a strong democracy . In addition , large majorities in both parties ( 83 % of Republicans , 85 % of Democrats ) view a system of checks
in the
Democrats say legal
which means that researchers
and Democrats are about as likely to say they followed campaign news very closely ( 34 % and 29 % , respectively ) , but Republicans are more likely to say this was their top story of the week . Three - in - ten Republicans ( 30 % ) say this , compared with 19 % of Democrats and 13 % of independents . About a quarter ( 24 % ) say they followed news about the Penn State sex abuse scandal very closely . Meanwhile
a path to citizenship . If the partisan divides were not enough , Republicans face deep divisions in their own ranks about the way forward on the issue — something that was starkly evident in the 2012 fight for the GOP presidential nomination when , with an eye on conservative activists most likely to vote , candidates battled over who was tougher on the issue . Pew Research ’s Political Typology study , based on a survey conducted earlier this year , found evidence that   this ideological divide within the GOP continues . Looming over all of this is Obama ’s vow to enact immigration law changes by executive order if Congress will not act
younger people still tend to have some socially conservative views .   For instance , among those under age 40 , a substantial share ( a median of 63 % ) say homosexual behavior is immoral , though this is somewhat lower than the share of those 40 and older who share this view ( a median of 76 % ) . Similarly , younger Central and Eastern Europeans are twice as likely as older adults to say they favor same - sex marriage ( a regional median
in the European Union ( 85 % ) , according to a recent international survey by Pew Research Center . And the share of Indian adults who say growing trade and business ties between India and other countries is very good has nearly doubled , from 25 % in 2014 to 49 % in 2018 . The rise in intense Indian support for trade reflects a widely shared perception that international commerce benefits individuals . Contrary to public opinion in the U.S. , Europe and Japan , a majority of
to news radio in particular , NPR ’s flagship news programs each have around 12 million listeners . ( This is roughly half of the average viewership of the three nightly TV network newscasts , which together attracted about 24 million
system . Differences are particularly stark in Venezuela , where 71 % of those who rate the economy negatively are unhappy with the political system , compared with 17 % of those who say the economy is doing well . People who believe inequality is a very big problem are also more likely to express disappointment in their political system in 12 of the 31 countries polled . In addition to being dissatisfied with their political system , a median of 64 % across the 34
should extend : Conservative
of gun suicides . By
under the age of 18 include mothers who are either the sole or primary source of income for the family . 88The U.S. , which has a total population of 317 million , is now home to a record 40.4 million immigrants .
gun , versus 55
ago ; nonetheless
well . But Democrats are more
of Republicans ( and
favor . Russian confidence in German Chancellor Angela Merkel and favorable views toward NATO , the EU and Germany all hit new lows in 2015 . Meanwhile , our
in fact
incorrectly . The
( 50 % )
outmigration
let their young
The full topline can be found here (
ented immigrants are
are divided over whether aid to the
keep national defense
% in 2006
U.S. For example , the share of all Hispanic immigrants who are Catholic exceeds the rate among those born in the U.S. , by 60 % to 48 % . Among Mexicans , 68 % of immigrants identify as Catholic , compared with 51 % of those born in the U.S. Some 24 % of Mexicans born in
sapprove ( 53 %
In particular , British Muslims have far more negative attitudes toward non - Muslims than do Muslims in France , Germany , or Spain . The 2006 survey asked non - Muslims in eight countries whether they associate a series of positive and negative characteristics with Muslims , and
generation . Generational analysis is an important tool used by Pew Research Center and other researchers . This report aims to describe
active longer .
not formally apologize to
the budget fight
leading economic power . And only 4 % of Americans think a situation in which
that of their
divisions , internal differences among Democrats are just as wide . Liberal Democrats , by 74 % to 23 % , say the process of applying for legal status should go forward while border security is being increased . But only about half (
ious foods follow news
from 78 % in
2015 . Historically , the number of apprehensions has spiked in the spring and early summer months , before dipping in the late summer , fall and winter months . But in fiscal 2016 , apprehensions rose in August and September , with monthly totals that approached the highs of April and May. Also in fiscal 2016 , apprehensions of Central Americans exceeded that of Mexicans for just the second time . This first occurred in 2014 , when there was a record surge in apprehensions of unaccompanied children and
( 36 %
as “ mostly a civil
in - ten ( 57 % ) say the choice of the next Supreme Court justice is very important to them personally . In April 2010 , after Justice John Paul Stevens announced his retirement from the court , and before Obama named Justice Elena Kagan as his replacement , just 40 % viewed the choice of a new Supreme Court justice as very important . However , there continue to be substantial demographic differences in views of the importance of the selection of a new Supreme
white voters .
a far lower share of U.S. adults ( 43 % ) saying the same . As Latino incomes dwindled , most in April said they do not have emergency funds to cover three months of expenses , and half or more said they worry daily or nearly every day about financial issues like paying their bills , the amount of debt they carry and the cost of health care.3 Latinos have a bleaker view than the U.S. overall
and Asia . There
% favorable , 24
U.S. working -
Only about a
race and ethnicity during the 2018 elections : 1All major racial and ethnic groups saw historic jumps in voter turnout . Hispanics and Asians each saw their turnout rates increase to about 40 % . For both groups this was about a 13 percentage point increase over 2014 , when turnout rates had declined to record lows for a midterm election year . Meanwhile , voter turnout rates for whites ( 57.5 % ) and blacks ( 51.4 % ) increased by 11.7 and 10
an American yacht and
in one way or
March 17 to June 5
lean toward Romney
Midwest and 40 % in the West say they followed news about the tornadoes very closely . The public showed only modest interest in the week ’s other top stories , continuing a trend seen throughout much of 2011 . A series of major breaking news stories – including the shootings in Tucson , the upheaval in the Middle East , the disasters in Japan and the killing of Osama bin Laden – has dominated the news
, Democrats ( 59 % ) and independents ( 57 % ) view their state governments favorably , figures that are largely unchanged from 2002 and 2005 . Substantial majorities of all three partisan groups look favorably on their local governments as well , but Republicans are more favorable ( 73 % ) than either Democrats ( 62 % ) or independents ( 61 % ) . The military continues to get high marks from a large majority of Americans . More than eight - in - ten
are no significant
of a newly released
downbeat assessments about
examined , the share of adults in middle - income households fell between 1991 and 2010 . The share of the adult population that is middle income decreased in Finland , Germany , Italy , Luxembourg , Norway and Spain ( as it did in the U.S. ) , but increased in France , Ireland , the Netherlands , and the United Kingdom . The largest shares of the adult population in middle - income households in 2010 were found in Denmark ( 80 % ) , Norway ( 80 % ) , and the Netherlands ( 79 % ) , while the smallest shares were found in Italy ( 67 % ) , the
have a positive impact ( 40 % today , 22 % then ) . And these more - positive impressions are seen across generations : Five years ago , just 35 % of Millennials said banks had a positive impact on the nation ; today 45 % say this . Evaluations of large corporations have similarly improved among Millennials , though they also remain more negative than positive . Small businesses were viewed positively by majorities across all generations in 2010 , and those views have only grown
objectionable . In late May
31 % saw ads opposed to
( 28 % ) say they received unemployment compensation . One - in - five say they struggled with alcohol or substance abuse . Veterans who say they have suffered from PTS are much more likely to report experiencing these things than those who did not . Roughly six - in - ten ( 61 % ) say they had trouble paying their bills , about four - in - ten ( 42 % ) say they had trouble getting medical care for themselves or their families
- in
( 31 % ) ; 28 % say he would be average . Similarly , voters have divided views
schooling , on
was becoming popular
about the seriousness of Iranian leaders . Fully 80 % of Republicans who have heard at least a little about the negotiations say Iranian leaders are not serious about addressing international concerns over the country ’s nuclear program . A majority of independents ( 64 % ) and only about half of Democrats ( 48 % ) say Iranian leaders are not serious about addressing these concerns ( based on those who have heard at least a little about U.S.-Iran negotiations ) . Opinions about the U.S. negotiating directly with Iran differ significantly by whether or not Iranian leaders are viewed as serious in addressing international concerns over their nuclear program
Ricans born and
% say this , while just 34 % say regulation has gone too far . By comparison , a smaller
Among those under 30 ,
it matter to you ? ” ( For a more detailed analysis of
s as low as 0.5 %
U.S. Mexican
turn Roe v. Wade . Views on the case also vary significantly by
their bigger concern
39 % said news organizations mostly get the facts straight and 53 % said stories are often inaccurate . But Americans have a very different view of the news sources they rely on than they do of the news media generally . When
U.S. impacts them a lot and another 40 % saying it impacts them some
tends to rise with age . Among Americans 65 and older , 58 % said the deficit is a very big problem , compared with 52 % of 50- to 64 - year - olds , 43 % of 30- to 49 - year - olds and 33 % of 18- to 29 - year - olds . Republicans and Republican - leaning independents were somewhat more likely to call the deficit a very big problem : 49 % did so , compared with 45 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners . Viewed through ideology , self - described liberal Democrats were considerably less likely to call the deficit a very big problem ( 38 % ) than conservative
oppose this
year ’
culture or ancestry – or a combination of these elements – roughly eight - in - ten say being Druze is either essentially about ancestry or culture ( 33 % ) or a combination of religion and ancestry / culture ( 47 % )
of adults with
rove very
situation involving Russia and Ukraine . Overall , 43 % say Barack Obama is handling the situation between Russia and Ukraine about right , while 35 % say he is not being tough enough and just 5 % say he is being too tough . Views of Obama ’s handling of the Ukraine situation are highly partisan . Most Republicans say he is not being tough enough ( 58 % ) , while just 27 % say he is handling the situation about right . Opinion is the reverse among
majority of Republicans
and that results based on subgroup
run elections in their state did a very good job , and just 23 % give election officials across the United States very high job ratings . Still , large majorities say both state officials and election officials across the U.S. did at least a somewhat good job . Relatively few ( 10 % ) say state officials did not do well , while 18 % say the same about officials across the country . An estimated 50.1 % of the voting -
rating than do liberals ( 47 ) . While liberals and Democrats receive similar ratings ( 47
Bush this way in 2006 ( 50 % vs. 34 % ) ; and somewhat more view Obama as
% of Japanese
more likely to
only half ( 51 %
Index , an ongoing project of the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press . The index , building on the Center ’s longstanding research into public attentiveness to major news stories , examines
. Roughly
by the campaign faded over the course
nearly the
the world . Concerns
conditions as poor has declined nine points since October ( from 33 % ) . This marks the first time in Obama ’s presidency that about as many have described the economy as excellent or good ( 27 % ) as poor ( 24 % ) . Democrats are almost three times as likely to rate the economy as excellent or good than Republicans .   About two - thirds ( 66 % ) of Americans say the economy is recovering , but not strongly , compared with just
- ten in Poland
year - olds in the UK say they strongly believe that some powers currently held by the EU should be returned to individual countries . Those ages 50 and older are much more likely ( 63 % ) to strongly feel this way . Younger
have shown little
people ’s level of science knowledge and their attitudes can be
voters suggests that the Hispanic voter turnout rate may not have changed much from 2010 , when 31.2 % of Hispanic eligible voters cast a vote.2 Meanwhile , the national exit poll reports the estimated black voter share was 10 % in 2006 , 11 % in 2010 and 12 % in 2014 . And the share of white voters has declined from 79 % in 2006 to 77 % in 2010 and now to 75 % , reflecting growing diversity of the nation ’s
with similar education
2014 . Public
( 12 % )
2006 , Mexico
had been born in
differences in attitudes
ers . Before the
arise from biomedical technologies now under development . None of the three are currently available for the purpose of enhancing otherwise healthy babies or adults , though all are in a research and development phase or are being tested in very limited circumstances
their midterm vote as a vote “ for ” Trump and those who say Trump is not a factor in their midterm vote . Among the 48 % of Republican voters who consider their vote for Congress as a vote for Trump , 57 % say Republicans in Congress have an obligation to support Trump ’s policies . Among the 45 % of Republican voters who say Trump is not much of a factor in their midterm vote , 75 % say
most important partners (
vs. 13
track . Opinions about the state of the country are strongly associated with religiosity . A solid majority ( 64 % ) of Muslim Turks who pray five times a day are satisfied with the direction of the nation . Among those who pray at least once a week but less than five times daily , only 41 % are satisfied . And among those who hardly ever pray or only do so during religious holidays , just
level .
, the kind of people they want to live around and even whom they would welcome into their families . And at a time of increasing gridlock on Capitol Hill , many on both the left and the right think the outcome
cover was racist . Only 19 % of Republicans agree . On balance , however , Republicans do not think the cover was clever — 40 % say it was , and 58 % disagree . Only 22 % of Democrats find
points in 10 years
its widespread use . Some 36 % of this group thinks it is very likely that the widespread availability of gene editing would pave the way for new medical advances that are beneficial to society , compared with about half as many of those who have heard a little or nothing about gene editing ( 16 % ) . However , those most familiar with gene editing are more likely than those with no familiarity to also anticipate downsides . About two - thirds of those who have heard a lot about gene editing ( 64 % ) say it is very likely that widespread availability of gene editing will increase inequality because the technology will primarily
gay marriage while
by the campaign faded over the course
Democrats say legal
of office this November . The issue has less of an effect on partisans : A striking 66 % of Republicans as well as 55 % of Democrats still want to see their member returned to office even if they believe
it comes to what people want to learn about Romney ’s record and background , the biggest political divide is over his tax returns . A majority of Democratic voters ( 56 % ) say they want to hear more about Romney ’s tax returns – in fact , Democrats are more interested in this than any other part of his background tested . By comparison , 35 % of independents and just 18 % of Republicans want to hear more about Romney ’s tax returns
those of Mexicans for the
. By contrast , Democrats ’ satisfaction with the country has plummeted following the election : Just 16 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say they are satisfied with the way things are going
is the first
-19
released Jan. 10 , 2017 ) . Angela Merkel is held in higher esteem by Democrats than Republicans . Overall , 38 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners view her favorably , while 18 % view her unfavorably and 44 % are unable to rate her . Among Republicans and Republican leaners , 31 % hold an unfavorable view of the German chancellor , compared with 22 % who have
Trump ’s contentious first year was among the defining stories of 2017 . But beyond the shifts in policy and approach that accompanied the transition between presidential administrations , the year revealed other important trends shaping American society . Allegations of sexual misconduct against powerful men in entertainment , media and politics – from Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein to morning news anchor Matt Lauer to the longest - serving member of Congress , John Conyers – brought widespread attention to the
voters suggests that the Hispanic voter turnout rate may not have changed much from 2010 , when 31.2 % of Hispanic eligible voters cast a vote.2 Meanwhile , the national exit poll reports the estimated black voter share was 10 % in 2006 , 11 % in 2010 and 12 % in 2014 . And the share of white voters has declined from 79 % in 2006 to 77 % in 2010 and now to 75 % , reflecting growing diversity of the nation ’s
detailed results from these
groups , there
65 and older lived with their adult children . By 2000 , fewer than 15 % did so . These demographic changes may reflect more fundamental societal changes such as industrialization , urbanization , rising living standards ( especially for older adults ) and constricted immigration in the first half of the 1900s . This decade
science knowledge and their attitudes can be complex .
more than 38
rural area say they never
in the fourth quarter of 2008 . However , changes in the employment rate and other indicators of labor market activity during the recession have been less severe for them than for foreign - born Hispanics . This report summarizes labor market outcomes for Hispanic
college degree ( 34 % ) think there is too little attention paid
& the Press ) have consistently shown that the generic ballot closely tracks election results.2 For
U.S. produce 80 % of all tweets sent by these users . The median adult user of the platform tweets just twice a month , but a small group tweets much more frequently ,
, a median of 58 % believe global climate change is a major threat to
plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias
it ( 44 % ) . The share of independents who support capital punishment has fallen 13 points since
similar political views to their own , while just 4 % say that most of the people they follow have political views that are different from theirs . The above relationship – in which a majority of users follow either a mix of people with different beliefs or say they are n’t sure of the political views of the people they follow – holds for the three types of Twitter users identified in this analysis ( political tweeters , nonpolitical tweeters and infre
their most recent incident.1 Where harassment occurs : Online harassment is much more prevalent in some online environments than in others . Asked to recall where their most recent experience took place : Women and young adults were more likely than others to
- 26 among
about the nomination very closely . That is the highest share following the unveiling of a Supreme
likely to see Bush
Trump ’s presidency are sharply different than before Barack Obama took office eight years ago . In many cases , they mirror views of expected “ winners ” and “ losers ” under George W. Bush before he took office in January 2001 . But there are some notable exceptions . For example , today just 24 % predict that children will gain influence under Trump , while 32 % say they will lose influence and 41 % say their influence will not be affected .
- in - ten (
excellent ( 56 %
society ,
, Democrats gave teachers an
Obama ’s job rating has
in the European Union ( 85 % ) , according to a recent international survey by Pew Research Center . And the share of Indian adults who say growing trade and business ties between India and other countries is very good has nearly doubled , from 25 % in 2014 to 49 % in 2018 . The rise in intense Indian support for trade reflects a widely shared perception that international commerce benefits individuals . Contrary to public opinion in the U.S. , Europe and Japan , a majority of
, a
the Social Hostilities Index , a 10 - point scale based on 13 measures of social hostilities involving religion , including tensions between religious groups and religion - related terrorism . Although the share of countries in these categories did not change since last year
of those
their data being less secure
% ) of 18
crisis worsened in 2008
most closely .
s nomination is
in the country , the federal government , as well as with the economy and personal finances – among Trump supporters than among those who back any other candidate , Republican or Democrat . Overall , there has been no increase in voter anger toward the
Nearly three -
country must address now . But fewer predict the country will achieve significant progress in reducing the deficit in five years than did so in December . A new survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press and The Washington Post , conducted April 21 - 25 among 1,001 adults , finds that 31 % say we will have achieved significant progress on the deficit in the next five years or so , down from 37 % in December . Fully 81 % see the
Gen X women
his address to Congress . The president also continued to be the top newsmaker as measured by PEJ . Not surprisingly , Republicans are much more likely than Democrats to say they have been hearing too much about
somewhat good . ” And nearly two - out - of - three ( 64 % ) expect the nation ’s children to be better off as adults than people are today . But as Indians head to the polls , there is pervasive , intense concern about a range of current economic troubles . By overwhelming majorities they say inflation , joblessness and inequality are not just problems for the country , but very big problems . In the face of these challenges many
. But the bottom line is that people who want to know
; at the same time , a similar share ( 16 % ) have found information on social media that has lowered their professional opinion of a colleague . Younger workers are more likely than their older counterparts to say they have discovered
from January 2007 . More than twice as many Democrats ( 65 % ) and independents ( 58 % ) now rate this as a major policy goal . There is a similar pattern in views about the importance of dealing with
Cuba , up nine and eight percentage points , respectively , since then . There has been a similar shift across party lines in support for ending the U.S. trade embargo against Cuba . Notably , some of the most dramatic change in views of U.S. relations with Cuba has come among conservative Republicans . Currently , 55 % of conservative Republicans say they favor ending the U.S. trade embargo against Cuba ; in January , just 40 % supported the United States dropping its trade embargo against Cuba . And 52 % of conservative Republicans now say they approve of the U.S. re -
) say they have a great deal
significant progress reducing the
have shown little
A majority
– the worst mass
- leaning independents
13 % of Sunnis have a favorable opinion of the Syrian president . In most countries , ratings of Assad have been similarly low since the first time this question was asked . However , opinion has become more favorable in Tunisia over the past five years ( up 13 percentage points since 2012 ) . Opinions of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani are generally similar to opinions of Assad . Fewer than 10 % in both Israel and Jordan hold a positive view of the Iranian
anonymous sources ,
These were revised
Among the public overall , 68 % say it is very important for the country that people are free to peacefully
beginning of the
the countries surveyed . For
who were generally
in public confidence
number of respondents said they did not want to disclose their income : 17 % in the survey in December 2009 – January
% of Democrats said
In the 2016 U
One - quarter ( 24
exit debates
in - ten
them and their families ( 29 % ) as say its effect will be mostly negative ( 27 % ) . A third of U.S. adults expect the law to not have much personal impact . Views also are split on how the law will affect the country as a whole , with 35 % saying it will positively impact the nation and 40 % anticipating a mostly negative effect . Just 15 % say the law wo n’t have much effect on the country .
father ’s race or Hispanic origin , as well as the mother ’s , to determine the baby ’s race and ethnic categories , while the health - statistics center reports only the mother ’
initially leaned Republican eventually called themselves Democrats ( either identified or leaned Democratic ) ;
Democrats say this , little changed from December 2016 . By comparison , 30 % of Republicans hold this view , up from 21 % in 2016 . The partisan gap in views about discrimination against whites is little changed from 2016 ; Republicans remain more likely than Democrats to say there is a lot of discrimination against whites ( 21 % vs. 6 % ) . Among members of both parties , the shares saying there is a lot of discrimination against Jews has roughly doubled since 2016 – from 15 % to 28 % among Democrats and from 9 % to 20 % among Republicans . Overall , whites are less likely than blacks to say that blacks
- ten in Poland
to recover . ” When these countervailing arguments are provided , they find more siding with deficit reduction by a 23 - point margin ( 58 % vs. 35 % ) . The CBS / NYT
( 5 % ) , “ they cost less than other tobacco products such as cigarettes ” ( 3 %
past few years
they had been in September and October . While Democrats continue to express greater enthusiasm about voting than do Republicans , as many Republican voters ( 64 % ) as Democratic voters ( 62 % ) now say they are giving
go , which would allow U.S. companies to do business in Cuba and Cuban companies to seek
2,421 , do
3The Muslim Brotherhood ’s ratings are down – but a substantial minority still like them . Three - in - four Egyptians had a favorable opinion of the Muslim Brotherhood back in 2011 , in the months after Mubarak
when 48 % of Americans had a favorable view of the UN . Gender , age , trust in others and political affiliation all shape views of the UN among Americans . Women are 9 percentage points more likely to have a positive view of the organization than men , and those ages 18 to 29 are 17 points more likely to have a favorable than those 50 and older . About two - thirds of Americans who say that most people can be trusted have a positive opinion of the UN , compared with about half of those who say most people can not be trusted ( 68 % vs. 52 % , respectively ) . Large partisan
contrast with views of the recent presidential candidates ; just 41 % say the quality of presidential candidates in recent elections has been good . Few say tone of political debate is ‘ respectful . ’ Just a quarter of Americans say “ the tone of debate among political leaders is respectful ” is a statement that describes the country well . However , the public is more divided in general views about tone and discourse : 55 % say too many people are “ easily offended ” over the language others
here . For updated
65 and older offered less support ( 51%-31 % ) . And during the past decade of Pew
S. Hispanics worse
teachers or aides in safety procedures (
with a high
military bases in Germany as an important part of their country ’s national defense . Among Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents , that share is about eight - in - ten . Germans , by contrast , are not sold on the idea that American military bases are important to German security . While about half of Germans see U.S. military bases as important for their country ’s national security , 45 % disagree . Younger Germans especially doubt the importance of American
March Gallup survey , which showed 45 % saying they wanted to see Bush reelected , and 42 %
, while the
of those in older
. Instead , views
asles in 14 states in the first 30 days of the new year , most of which were linked to an outbreak at Disneyland in California . Last year ’s 644 cases were the greatest number of cases since measles was eradicated from the U.S. in 2000 , according to the CDC . Parents and non - parents have similar outlooks about the safety of childhood vaccines . Eight - in - ten adults (
28 , 2014 .
the better - regarded arms of the federal government . In a 2010 Pew Research survey , 83 % of people said they had a favorable opinion of the Postal Service , the highest level among the 13 agencies asked about . More recently , 60 % of respondents in an NBC News / Wall Street Journal poll said they had “ very ” ( 28 % ) or “ somewhat ” ( 32 % ) positive feelings toward the Postal Service — more than President Obama , either major party , the Catholic Church or the NRA . The one government sector that ’s actually added jobs has been   state education , which is up 31,200 jobs ( or
% ) than conservatives and moderates ( 74 % ) say stricter environmental laws are worth the cost . There also are gender , age and educational differences in these attitudes . Women ( 69 % ) are more likely than men ( 58 % ) to say stricter environmental laws and regulations are worth the cost . And while majorities in every age group say stricter environmental laws are worth it , a larger share of those ages 18 to 29 ( 72 % ) say
debate over
editorial jobs we
. In addition , nearly half of AAAS scientists – 47 % – use social media to talk about science or read about scientific developments at least some of the time . Some 24 % of these AAAS scientists blog about science and
beginning of the
1973 . VA projections
there are partisan
bring its troops home as soon as possible
or retail trade
the law to do what they can to make it fail ; 37 % say they should try to make it work as well as possible . However , 64 % of Tea Party Republicans oppose the law and want elected officials to do what they can to make it fail . By comparison , just 31 % of Republicans and Republican leaners who do not agree with the Tea Party favor this approach . As more of the law ’s provisions begin to take effect ,
30 say they followed news about health care exchanges very closely
( 49 % ) say they would struggle with day - to - day expenses . Americans generally say that the public health officials at the CDC have gotten the risks of the coronavirus about right . But far fewer say that about the news media , Donald Trump and congressional Democrats . A majority ( 63 % ) says public health officials at the CDC have gotten the risks for the coronavirus about right . Relatively few say they have exaggerated the risks ( 21 % )
to the GOP ) somewhat more likely than their Democratic counterparts to say parents should be able to decide whether to vaccinate their children ( 20 % vs. 12 % ) . There are no sizable differences on this issue among people with differing levels of education
immigrants . Private households
( 56 % ) compared with those under 30
Recession , the
below - average preparation requirements but higher required levels of social and physical ( though   not analytical ) skills ; that group includes such jobs as orderlies , home health aides , physical therapy assistants and bartenders . Those jobs may
full top
majority of Republicans
applies “ very well ” or “ pretty well ” to them and a similar share of library website users ( 98 % ) also strongly identified with being lifelong learners . Moreover , 84 % of those who visited a library in the past 12 months fit our definition of personal learner , compared with 66 % of those who had not recently visited a library or bookmobile . Recent library users are more likely than others to read “ how to ” publications
( 50 % ) or
who have a favorable
little changed from recent weeks . Interest is comparable among different partisan groups , income levels and regions of the country . About a third of the public ( 35 % ) says they very closely followed news about the debate in Washington over how best to create jobs and reduce the federal deficit . There is little difference among partisans in the numbers tracking this highly partisan fight ( 40 % of Republicans , 36 % of Democrats and 33 % of independents say they followed this news very closely
different question about whether they favored or opposed the House conducting impeachment proceedings against Donald Trump . In that survey , 50 % said they favored the House launching impeachment proceedings , while an identical share was opposed . The vast majority of those who now either approve or disapprove of the House conducting an impeachment inquiry ( 85 % ) held similar views in early September . Overall , 45 % approve of the impeachment
nation ’
getting too involved
nearly twice as
can learn either a
news and the public ’s interest . At this early stage in the campaign , relatively small numbers say they are following election news more closely than other major stories . For example , 9 % say they followed news about the candidates most closely last week , while 22 % say news about the condition of the U.S. economy was their top story and 13 % cite the debate in Washington over the federal deficit and the national debt . Over the past month , interest among Republicans
making voting as easy as possible , while 63 % say citizens should have to prove they really want to vote by registering ahead of time . Among independents , more say it should be easy for
of victims , known offenders and arrestees . One key question looming over the transition is how many police departments will participate in the new system , which has been in development for decades . In 2019 , the most recent year available , NIBRS received violent and property crime data from 46 % of law enforcement agencies , covering 44 % of the U.S. population that year . Some researchers have warned that the transition to a new system could leave important data
about the major
should be able to decide
conducted over the
21 % in July . Nearly all Americans ( 93 % ) view the issue as important , about the same as the 95 % that said the issue was important in July . More than seven - in - ten ( 72 % )
to sampling error , one should
Afghanistan , down nine points and 13
Canadians say they have
August 4 - 7
favorable opinions of
By contrast , victorious Republicans are optimistic : 83 % expect 2017 to be better than 2016 . The Democrats ’ gloom also has affected their view of the economy : In December , just 15 % said they expect the nation ’s economy to improve over the next year , down from 35 % last June . Republican economic optimism , by contrast , has soared : 75 % predicted the economy would get better , more than double the share who said this in June ( 29 % ) .
U.S. would ultimately pay , while fewer ( 31 % ) think that Mexico would cover the cost ; another 16 % of Republicans volunteer that both the U.S. and Mexico would pay for a wall . Majorities across age groups anticipate that the U.S. would pay for a wall , including fully 81 % of those under age 30 . Nearly eight - in - ten Hispanics ( 78 % ) and blacks
in conducting
a third ( 34
2014 . Note : See here for topline
independents subscribe
as one of the most significant historical events in their lifetimes , behind the Sept. 11 attacks and the election of Barack Obama , the first black U.S. president . A separate 2016 survey found 52 % of
above ; 37
coverage , it did not attract a great deal of public interest . Slightly more than a third ( 36 % ) followed this story very closely , while 14 % said it was the news story they followed most closely last
% of Democrats said
in the field dropped to about 12,000 . Amid that   lull ,   Secretary - General Kofi Annan ,   who was head of peacekeeping under Boutros - Ghali , ordered internal reviews of the
of all ages
to their populations , Lebanon was   far and away the leader . Our   analysis , which used   2014 data from the UNHCR and   international population estimates from the Census Bureau , found that the   1.15 million refugees in Lebanon last year –   nearly all of them fleeing the civil war in neighboring Syria –   represent nearly 20 % of that country ’s population of 5.9 million . In second place was Jordan , where refugees
. Majorities of conservative Republicans say they have “ not too much ” trust in elected officials , energy industry leaders and the news media – or trust them “ not at all ” – to provide full and
bachelor ’s degree could expect that , if they marry , their first marriage will last 20 years or
was removed from office in 2011 . With Egyptians showing a declining lack of interest in voting , Egypt
on Tibet , which began
. In 2012 , the number of unauthorized immigrants apprehended at the Mexican border rose modestly , to 365
in the last
school in Beslan that was taken over by Chechen rebels . In European countries , older people , women and those on the right of the ideological spectrum are more concerned about Islamic extremism than the young , men and those on the left . In the U.S. , these demographic differences also extend to political party and religion . Republicans and Americans who say religion is important are more likely to be concerned about Islamic extremism than are Democrats and independents , and those who say religion is not important to their daily lives . Additionally , general concern about extremism in these countries is closely associated with worries about the
) . Since December , positive views of economic conditions have surged among Republicans
candidates ’ social media accounts , compared with 28 % of those ages 30 to
of their race . For Asians , the gender pattern goes in the opposite direction : Asian women are much more likely than Asian men to marry someone of a different race . Among newlyweds in 2013 , 37 % of Asian women married someone who was not
U.S. ,
independents ( 28
leaders , university and think tank leaders , religious leaders , and scientists and engineers , along with the general public . The new survey , conducted Sept. 5 - Oct. 31 , reflects the major changes in the world that have occurred since the previous poll , conducted in the summer of 2001 just prior to the 9/11 attacks . There has been continuity in some areas , such as in the broad agreement among opinion leaders and the public that protecting against terrorism and preventing the spread of weapons of mass destruction are top long - term policy objectives . Yet the war in Iraq has had a profound impact on the way opinion leaders
category in 2019
10 . Note : See   full topline results
. From fiscal 1995 to 1998 , 900,000 or more people applied for citizenship each year , with a peak of 1.4 million in 1997 , a record high . Several laws passed by Congress starting in the mid-1980s may have helped drive up applications . The Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986 increased the pool of potential naturalization applicants by making an estimated 2.7 million unauthorized immigrants legal permanent residents . A decade later , many of those immigrants had applied for citizenship . ( By 2009 , about 40 % who obtained green cards had become citizens . ) In 1996 , Congress also passed three laws that limited the public
including 72 %
some – especially those with high levels of educational attainment – technology represents a largely positive force that makes their work more interesting and provides opportunities for career advancement . But those who have not attended college are much less likely to view today ’s workforce technologies in such a positive light . The survey asked about the impact that six common workforce technologies have had on today ’s workers . These include word processing and spreadsheet software ; smartphones ; email and social media ; software that
relations than young people do . For instance , 53 % of those ages 50 and older say China ’s human rights
about three - quarters in Spain ( 74 % ) and Germany ( 76 % ) say their country
, which will
( 62 % ) ,
55 % and
at the 95 % level
s News Coverage Index , go to
of 18 % in
lives , similar
was more important ) . In 2009 , President Obama ’s first year in office , opinions about U.S. global power were more mixed : 41 % said the U.S. was less powerful and important than it was a decade earlier , 30 % about as powerful , while 25 % said the U.S. was more powerful . Obama ’s approach to foreign policy continues to be viewed as not tough enough : 54 % say Obama is not tough
in this country . The survey finds that the public is divided in opinions about the ultimate impact of Russian efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election : 48 % say these efforts did not benefit either Trump or Hillary Clinton , while 43 %
About four - in - ten in
of those with relatively
the lower public confidence
Republic , Russia and Slovakia . In Poland
in the Democratic primary (
and/or more distant personal connections in their most recent search for employment – nearly identical to the 79 % who utilized resources and information they found online . Indeed , 34 % of these job seekers say resources and information they found online were the most important resource available to them in their most recent job search , which places the internet just behind personal and professional networks of all types on the list of Americans ’ most important job resources . In total , 45 % of recent job seekers indicate that personal or professional contacts of any kind were the most important resource they utilized in their last search for employment : 20 % cite close personal
has not captured or
is the solution to every problem . ” Just more than
and religious belief from a Pew Research Center survey shows   religious people , on balance , are happier than nonreligious people . Adults who attended religious services once a week or more often were significantly more likely to report feeling “ very happy ” ( 36 % ) than those who attended seldom or never ( 23 % ) , and less likely to say they were “ pretty happy ” ( 46 % vs. 55 % ) or “ not too happy
in a 2016 survey , Americans were asked what share of climate scientists say human behavior is mostly responsible for global climate change . Some 27 % said almost all climate scientists think human behavior is mostly responsible for climate change and 35 % said more than half . 3 People ’s political orientations are strongly related to their perception of the scientific consensus on climate change.4 In this survey , a strong majority of liberal Democrats ( 88 % ) say most climate scientists think the Earth
least somewhat acceptable
midterm election , when Republicans won the majority of House votes and picked up more than 50 seats , is particularly telling . In early October 1994 , 50 % of Republican voters had already given a lot of thought to the election
in a 2014 Gall
was not used in this analysis ; rather , researchers took extensive effort to determine which respondents had in fact voted . And unlike other studies that have employed voter validation , this one employs five different commercial voter files in an effort to minimize the possibility that actual
( 53 % )
U.S.-Mexico border wall are divided by race , education and age . Whites ( 46 % favor ) are more than twice as likely as blacks ( 20 % ) or Hispanics ( 23 % ) to favor expanding the border wall . And support for expanding the wall is much greater among older adults . About half of those ages 50 and older ( 48 % ) favor substantially expanding the border wall ; just 25 % of those ages 18 to 29 and 36 % of those 30 to 49 say the same . Roughly a third of Americans ( 34 % ) now say substantially expanding the U.S.
’ labor force participation are available ) . That share has remained relatively stable since about 2000 . Men ’s
% . There has been
campaign very closely , with 16 % saying they followed it more closely than other any other story . Far more Democrats than independents or Republicans tracked campaign news very closely . About four - in - ten Democrats ( 39
those that led to adult
About six - in - ten
for the Millennial generation . Under this updated definition , the youngest “ Millennial ” was born
U.S. foreign - born population is unauthorized
’t like about
majority in Jordan
in the
to stories about
owners (
Pew Research Center
work : 1Overall , Americans are divided when it comes to their level of concern about surveillance
Twitter news users are more likely than Facebook news users to depend on the social network for breaking news . Nearly six - in - ten Twitter news users ( 59 % ) use the site to keep up with a news event as it is happening ,
not . But we also found some interesting differences : On the flip side , Republicans ( 78 % ) and independents ( 77 % ) were more supportive of logic skills , compared with 70 % among Democrats . Note : This survey was conducted through Pew Research Center ’s American Trends Panel , a nationally representative panel of randomly selected U.S. adults . The survey
For more information
vs. 29 % ) . Note : You can find the data from this analysis for all U.S. adults in this interactive tool . Here are the
accounted for 29
on the
challenges in raising children include teaching morals and values , maintaining discipline , handling the financial aspects of childrearing , and dealing with the educational system . The views of mothers and fathers are similar when it comes to the challenges
has generated
vorable view of the caucus
in their country , providing further insight into the contrast between the average Chinese ’s satisfaction with the state of the country and its economy and relative dissatisfaction with elements of personal life . The new data suggest the Chinese people may be
the Project for
world increased .
parenting say differences between men and women are mostly based on societal expectations . Men who see differences in these areas tend to believe biology is the root . 8Many Americans expect certain professions to be dominated by automation in their lifetime – but few see their own jobs at risk . Roughly three - quarters of Americans think it ’s realistic that robots and computers might one day do many jobs currently done by humans , and sizable majorities expect jobs such as fast food workers and
countries . In Japan ,
71 % ) Americans with a high school degree or less see limited job opportunities in their area , compared with 51 % of those with a college degree . Public views of the job situation vary across regions of the country . Concerns are highest in
in -
unheard of . In some countries , such as Chile and China , smartphone usage rates are comparable to that of the United States . Internet access and smartphone ownership rates in these emerging and developing nations are greatest among the well - educated and the young , i.e. those 18- to 34 - year - olds who came of age in an era of massive technological advancement . People who read or speak English are also more likely to access the internet
6There are transatlantic differences
wirelessly at least on occasion . The Pew Internet Project measures wireless connectivity to the internet in several ways . First , it looks at those who connect via standard computer . Some 46 % of adults now
news . ( It is important to note that these three demographic variables are related to each other : Blacks in Macon and Hispanics in Denver report lower levels of income and education . ) Differences between women and men are less pronounced . Both tend to follow crime at roughly the same rates , but in Denver and Sioux City , women are more likely to discuss the topic with others . Nearly two - thirds ( 64 % ) of women in Denver say they often
half the populace
, while about
, when President Obama did not have a challenger . This helps illustrate that in an election cycle with two potentially heated primary seasons ( like 2008 and 2016 ) news coverage increases . Another reason for the uptick in campaign coverage this year may be related to headline - grabbing controversies involving possible candidates . Chris Christie ’s Bridgegate dispute earlier in the year put his 2016 hopes in the spotlight , and a recent debate about Chelsea Clinton ’s role at NBC
a few coastal areas , 41 % of Japanese across the country report being affected by the earthquake and tsunami in some way . Roughly a quarter ( 26 % ) , for instance , say that as a result of the
. This survey also took a broad look at the social media habits of parents . Among internet - using parents,3 social media use across a variety of platforms is common . Parents look a lot like non -
, with Republicans
’s American Trends
overall coverage to events in Iraq and 5 % to the Iraq policy debate . There was relatively little public interest in violent protests in Tibet against the Chinese government . Overall , just 12 % say they paid very close attention to this story
making voting as easy as possible , while 63 % say citizens should have to prove they really want to vote by registering ahead of time . Among independents , more say it should be easy for
student ’s language exposure over the full course of their academic career . For instance , while the Netherlands ranks toward the bottom in terms of all students learning English in 2017 , this is driven in part by lower proportions of Dutch primary students enrolled in language classes . While only about four - in - ten primary students are enrolled in a language course , nearly all of those students in a language class are already learning English in the classroom . Foreign language classes are not mandated in the
a third ( 34
t . Note : See full top
agree with the GO
for the economy , including 47 % who say it is very good . Fully
force — due to   retirement , going back to school , or simply giving up on looking for work — rose for the second month in a row . The aging of the U.S. white population means that over
be more likely to support a candidate who wants to end federal funding for Planned Parenthood ; just 18 % would be less likely to support such a candidate . About half ( 53 % ) say they would be more likely to back a candidate who wants to deploy U.S. ground forces to fight ISIS ( 22 % less likely ) . Opinion among possible GOP primary voters is more divided over a candidate who wants to deport all immigrants who are in the U.
public ’s frustrations . Barely a year after opposition candidate Henrique Capriles fell short in his effort to win the presidency from Maduro by less than one percent , most Venezuelans ( 52 % ) say the
requirement that all driverless vehicles have a human in the driver ’s seat who can take control of the vehicle in the event of an emergency , with 53 % favoring this policy strongly . And in the event that robots and computers are able to do most of the jobs that are done by humans today , 85 % of Americans are in favor of limiting machines to performing primarily those jobs that are dangerous or unhealthy for humans . Majorities also say they
also consequential for how people think about scientific research . A 58 % majority say they have lower trust when research is funded by an industry group . By comparison , about half of Americans ( 48 % ) say government funding for research has no particular effect on how much they trust the findings ; 28
view . Similar gaps
they ever get news
among the six Asian - American groups studied and 2.5 times the rate
. As is typical of Pew Research Center reports , we characterize the relationships shown in
, Italy
and “ Views of a Changing World , June 2003 ” — based on an additional 16,000 interviews in 20 nations and the Palestinian Authority . The project also conducted a nine - nation poll in March 2004 . Surveys were conducted by local organizations under the direction of Princeton Survey Research Associates International . Full details about the surveys , and the project
their phone when they are spending time with
George W. Bush ’s presidency . Most Hispanics oppose the way Obama has handled the deportations , according to a 2011 Pew Hispanic Center survey . That survey showed 59 % of Hispanics disapprove of the way the Obama administration
; and trends in advanced economies , such as the U.
he says less . Conservative Republicans ( 62 % ) are much more likely than moderate and liberal Republicans ( 39 % )
poll workers for that year ’s general election . Of the 2,817 jurisdictions that answered the question , just 15 % said it was very or somewhat easy to find enough poll workers . This challenge is already playing out amid the coronavirus outbreak : Wisconsin has struggled to recruit poll workers and even asked its National Guard to assist in primaries originally scheduled for April 7 . Gov. Tony Evers issued an executive order to delay the primaries until
military bases in Germany as an important part of their country ’s national defense . Among Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents , that share is about eight - in - ten . Germans , by contrast , are not sold on the idea that American military bases are important to German security . While about half of Germans see U.S. military bases as important for their country ’s national security , 45 % disagree . Younger Germans especially doubt the importance of American
in - ten
favorable opinions of
are far more likely than Democrats ( 10 % ) to see cuts in programs alone as the best way to reduce the deficit . Among Republicans and Republican leaners who agree with the Tea Party , as many say the focus of deficit reduction efforts should be mostly on programs cuts ( 48 % ) as on a combination of both cuts and tax increases ( 44 % ) . Non - Tea Party Republicans support a combination of program cuts and tax increases over mostly focusing on cuts to major programs by a 63%-
rate . There also is a modest partisan gap : 66 % of Democrats
across major political and
error attributable to sampling is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism
to 28 % ) , while a third ( 33 % ) said the
ers to say this (
not – favorable opinions of Pope Francis have increased since the decline seen in September 2018 . Note : Here are the questions used for
projected to come from Nigeria , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Tanzania , Ethiopia and Angola , along with one non - African country ( Pakistan ) . Five African countries are projected
half the country when it comes
16 - point
should be mostly on raising taxes . The proportion supporting a mixed approach of funding cuts and tax increases is about
also has fallen , from 84 % who said this in 2011 to 64 % today . The survey finds substantial partisan gaps over a number of policy priorities . Some of the biggest differences are over the importance of dealing with gun policy – 57
views ( 49 % then , 44 % today ) . Most of the rise in positive views of the law ’s effect on the country has come among Democrats and independents . The share of Democrats who view the law ’s impact on the nation positively has risen 24 percentage points ( from 42 % in December 2013 to 66 % today ) , while the share of independents who say it has had a positive impact has risen from 17 % in December 2013 to 36 % today . Only one - in - ten Republicans ( 10 % ) say the law has had a positive effect on the country , little changed since 2013 . The latest national
the 2020 presidential election that explores the role of social media in
Note : See full
problems as best
among Democrats on whether a vote for Trump would strain a friendship . Liberal Democrats are about evenly divided between saying say their friendship would be strained ( 47 % ) if a friend said they voted for
partisan divides on this issue . By a 63%-35 % margin , most Republicans and Republican leaners hold that it is possible to cut back on environmental regulations and still effectively protect air and water quality in the U.S. Most Democrats and those who lean Democratic hold the reverse view : 63 % say it is not possible to cut back on environmental regulations and still effectively protect air and water quality in the U.S. , while 35 % this is possible
state solution is possible , while 49 % say it is not . And Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu continues to be popular with Republicans – and unpopular with Democrats . Half of Republicans and Republican leaners have a favorable impression of Netanyahu , compared with 22 % who have an unfavorable view ( 28 % do not offer an opinion ) . Among Democrats and Democratic leaners , opinions are nearly the reverse : 21 % view Netanyahu favorably ,
fourth year .
, compared with
the space station has been a good investment for the country . There are no differences on this question by gender or race and ethnicity . Additional contributions to this material were made
voters who admit they are still on the
not so strongly of his job . The lukewarm support for Obama among liberal Democrats largely comes from those ages 18 - 49 . Among both adults under 50 and those 50 and older , 90 % of liberal Democrats approve of Obama . But whereas 65 % of liberal Democrats 50 and older strongly approve and just 20 % say they approve not so strongly , the younger group is narrowly divided ( 46 % strongly approve , 39 % less so ) . Compared with Obama after five years in office , George W. Bush had a lower level of approval among his base
based on subgroups will have larger margins of
, compared with
47 % for conservative
s ability to serve the country ’s best interests . The share saying they are very concerned about Trump ’s potential conflicts of interest is down 12 points , from 45 % a month ago . A majority of Democrats ( 59 % ) are very concerned that Trump ’s relationships conflict with his ability to serve the country ’s best interests ; just 7 % of Republicans say the same . Both groups express less concern than they did in December : Democrats are 11
press had too much influence
Constitution for this
And despite
the House and Senate
( 68 % )
does not appear that escalating conditions in the U.S. over the course of March shifted attitudes toward China during that period . Views of China did not significantly change when comparing those surveyed before and after March 12 , approximately when the NBA indefinitely postponed the remainder of the season and actor Tom Hanks announced testing positive for COVID-19 on social media . Americans interviewed prior to March 13 , when the U.S. government declared a national
are South Korea and
about civil behavior . For instance , fully 77 % of all adults think it is generally OK for people to use their cellphones while walking down the street and 75 % believe it is OK for
too or not
now . Still , just 36 % of Republicans say this ;
be more likely to support a candidate who wants to end federal funding for Planned Parenthood ; just 18 % would be less likely to support such a candidate . About half ( 53 % ) say they would be more likely to back a candidate who wants to deploy U.S. ground forces to fight ISIS ( 22 % less likely ) . Opinion among possible GOP primary voters is more divided over a candidate who wants to deport all immigrants who are in the U.
