Despite Clear Benefits, 54% of Smartphone Owners Say Their Phone is 'Not Always Needed' --but 46% Say it is Something They 'Couldn't Live Without' % of smartphone owners theyfeel who say that the following itemsfrom each pair best describe how theyfeel about their phone 
Most Americans support construction of Keystone Pipeline, but Democrats are divided 
Partisan Differences in Views of Government Differences Anti-Terror Efforts fairly Percent sa ying reducing the government the threat is of doing very or fairly Percent well sa ying in reducing the government the threat is of doing terrorism very 
Favorability Toward Congress Little Changed % who have view of Congress 
Americans’ views on genetic engineering of animals vary widely by its intended purpose 
Low global confidence in Trump leads to lower ratings for U.S. Confidence in U.S. president Views of U.S. No confidence 
Democrats overwhelmingly support Biden in general election, regardless of their concerns about race, age and gender of party’s likely nominee 
Most U.S. Muslims say Trump is unfriendly toward Muslim Americans % of U.S Muslims who say the president is 'U.S Mus slims Conce rned About Their Place in Society, but Continue to Believe in 
time use of stay at home and working moms 
Younger, college-educated and Democratic women most likely to say ‘feminist’ describes them very well 
News Interest News Interest 
Partisan gaps on effects of gun ownership on crime, mass shootings % saying ifmore Americans owned guns, there would be % saying ifit were harder for people to legally  
Large employers more likely to offer paid family leave % of private -sector workers 
An Uneven Recovery Change in net worth per household, 2009-2011 Lower 93% Wealthiest 7% $139 .896 $133,817  
Nearly half of young women in the U.S. workforce now have a bachelor's degree % of employed.25- to 29-year- olds with a bachelor's degree employed.25- or more 
Majorities of many nationalities among Europe's asylum applicants were waiting for decisions at end of Estimated 2015-16 asylum seekers waiting for application decisions at end of 2016, by country of origin  
Merkel gets higher ratings globally than Xi, Putin or Trump Confidence in to do the rightthing regarding world affairs  
Latin America and Caribbean had one of the world's youngest populations in 1950; by 2100, it is expected to have the world's oldest Median age, by region 
Majority of smart speaker owners don’t want device to do better at taking their interests and preferences into account 
Americans lean toward supporting the importance of regulations to increase renewable energy muse The private marketplace will ensure, Government tregulations are even without government tregulation necessaryto ensure this Yes itis possible No. itis not possible  
Preference for the Terms Hispanic' and 'Latino' 2013 The Hispanic terms 'Hispanic' and 'Latino are both used to describe people who areof Hispanic than the other? or Latino (%)  
Since May, Republicans Have Become More Supportive of Path to Legal Status % saying there should be a way for undocumented immigrants to say in the U.S., ifrequirements are met 
No Change in Overall U.S Image, But Obama Is More Popular 
British have little faith in EU 
Opinion of Rouhani quite negative in most countries Views of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani 
Arab-American Population in U.S. (Inmillions) 
Hispanic teens split on saying it is necessary to believe in God to be moral 
Majorities in many G20 countries see climate change as a major threat 
Lebanon, Jordan Host the Most Refugees Relative To Their Size Host countries by refugees % of the population Note: Top ten host countries are shown Based on 2014 data 
Younger men, higher-income adults prefer to be early technology adopters 
News Interest % following each story very closely Which one story did you follow most closely? 
Republicans divided along age and ideological lines on views of China % who thinkof China as 
Which Side Do You Sympathize With More? 
Continued Database, Majority Assault Support for Gun Database, Majority Assault Support Ban  
Young adults especially likely to have been impacted by workforce automation 
Views on allowing teachers to carry guns in schools varied widely by party and gun ownership status in 2017 % saying they would allowing teachers and school officials to they carry guns inK-12 schools 
the support among illness teens for gun policy proposals focused on mental illness % of teens saying each of the.following would be shootings 
Democrats maintain edge among Latino registered voters 
News Interest vs. News Coverage Health care reform 36 Swine flu 14 
Germans now equally divided on whether close relationship with U.S. or China is more important 
the about a quarter of social media users trust these platforms as a source of science news % of social media users who say they 
How Putting Much Pressure Are Parents Putting on Students? Right amount of pressure 
Views of Population Growth 
More Democrats Take Liberal Positions, More Republicans Take Conservative Positions 
More see court choice as very important than after Justice Stevens' retirement How importantis the choice of next Supreme Court justice to you personally? 
Satisfaction with National Conditi ons 
Share of adults living in middle-income households is unchanged since 2011 
Do Will You Think Japan 
Legal and unauthorized immigrants make up a significant share of workers in some industries 
Public assessments about cosmetic enhancements % of USS adults who say Cosmetic surgery leads to 
Confidence in the U.S. president plunges in several Western European countries Confidence in the U.S. president to do the rright thing regarding world affairs 
Americans view the right to vote as essential to their sense of freedom % who say each is to their own sense of freedom Essential Important but not essential Not important 
Half of Americans think made-up news and information is a critical problem for the country 
Northeast states lead in Irish ancestry % of population who say they are of Irish ancestry 
Democrats are as likely as Republicans to name Germany and China as most important partner, but Republicans keener on Israel than Democrats  
Figure 1: Position of blacks has Figure improved in re cent years 
Rising concern over North Korea among both Republicans and Democrats % who say N. Korea is threats to use nuclear 
The U.S. unauthorized immigrant total rose from 1990 to 2007, when it began to fall. Since then, the population declined to 10.5 million in 2017. 
Among religiously affiliated U.S. public school teens, Southerners most likely to pray before eating lunch at school 
Majorities in Japan are still dissatisfied with Japanese economy, are pessimistic about children’s future and are critical of their democracy. 
police officers since growing the 1980s % offull time sworn officers ethnicity serving in local police departments, by race and ethnicity 
Broad Approval of U.S.  No-Ransom Policy 
Four-in-ten say Democrats in Congress are keeping their campaign promises % who say in Congress are they made during the campaign 
More Republicans than Democrats view ISIS – as well as Iran, China, and other concerns - as ‘major threats’ 
Since 2015, Republicans' views of the impact of colleges have turned much more negative % who say colleges and universities have a effect on the way things are going in the country 
Views of Gun Control: 1993- 2013 Percent of American adults who say it is more important to NEWTOWN 20 
Public's Views of Global Threats Facing the U.S. % saying each isa 
Measuring News Interest 52 
Figure 1.2 Five- Mexico, Year Migration Flows Between the U.S. and Mexico, (in thousands) 1995- 2,940 
Very Likely to Watc h Debates 
Mobile Payments Popular in Africa % yes make or receive payments on their phones 68 
How Western Publics View Am ericans H ardworking Greedy France 83 U.S 70 ULS 85 Netherlands 84 Canada Great Britain 6 Russia Germany Poland 
Crime, Corruption and Poor Quality Schools Growing Problem 
Since last fall, more Americans say the government should do more to help those in need 
Republicans More Satisfied With Their Field Than in 2007 or 2011 
Most Europeans see Germany’s role as rising or steady compared to 10 years ago. 
How Death Penalty Supporters and Opponents View  Its Morality, Fairness and Effectiveness 
Crime Tops List of Problems in Mexico 
About four-in-ten post-9/11 veterans say the government hasn't given them enough help 
Majority of Republicans say major technology companies support the views of liberals over conservatives 
Americans See a Variety of Problems in Relationship with China How seriousof aproblem is 
Nostalgia for 
Generational Replacement Drives Growth of Religiously Unaffiliated Evangelical Protestants Mainline Prot. Historically black Prot. Catholic 
Modi and BJP are more popular than the Gandhis and the Congress party Views of 
Nearly 2.5 million Latinos are the to vote in Florida in 2020 Latino registered voters in Florida, in thousands 
Most Americans see ‘very high’ preventive health benefits from measles, mumps and rubella vaccine 
A large majority of Hispanics who are third or higher generation see themselves as typical Americans 
Many Multiracial Adults Have Experienced Racial Discrimination % saying they have ever experienced each of these because of their racial background 
Partisanship Driving the Vote Based on likely voters For your pa arty Parties 
Decline in Share of Catholics Among Hispanics, 2010-2013 Using Pew Research's standard survey question about identify religion, % of survey Hispanic adults who identify as  
Americans split on whether fact-checkers favor one side; most Republicans say this is the case 
News Interest % following each story very closely Which one story did you follow most closely? 
Candidate Heard Most About in the News -Obama Clinton IncCain 
Most officers say protests mainly motivated by bias toward police 
Top Four Topics In News Stories 
Wide Ideological Divide by Generation % with political values that are.. Consistently Lib Mostly Lib Mixed Mostly Cons Consistently Cons 
Figure 4 Immigration in the U.S. ? (% saying Path to citizenship for illegal immigrants in the U.S. Better border security and stronger enforcement of immigration laws Both should be given equal priority 
Few think big political donors do not have more infl uence than others % who say People who give a lot of money to elected officials give do not have more political influence than other people Very Somewhat Not too Not at all How important is itto the country? Source Survey ofU.S adults conducted Uan. 29-Feb 13, 2018. 
Sharp Rise in Turnout of Young People in 2004 80% 
Women more likely than men to view online harassment as a major problem 
Working Mothers and Career Advancement 
Democrats prioritize safe, clean conditions for asylum seekers; Republicans focus on cutting flow of migrants 
Little Optimism for the Next Generation in Advanced Economies When children in our country parents? today growup, willthey be financially than their parents? 
More people in Western Europe than in U.S say they personally know a Muslim % who say they personally know someone who is Muslim U.S 
More Democrats than Republicans hold favorable view of Angela Merkel % who have a of Angela Merkel... 
Figure 3 Hispanic Favorability Figure Ra tings of Political Figures (registeredHispanic voters,  
Suburban counties had the highest rate of fatal drug overdoses highest in 2016 Age- adjusted drug overdose death rate per 100, 000 USS residents, by community type 
70% of Americans say there should be a way for undocumented immigrants to stay in the country legally, if they meet certain requirements. 
World Opposed to NSA Actions ... but U.S. Still Popular 
Overwhelming majorities in Europe unhappy with EU's handling of refugees Do you of the way the European Union is dealing with the refugee issue? 
U.S. regardless violent and property crime rates have plunged since 1990s, regardless of data source Trends in U.S. violent and property crime, 1993- 2019 
Social Security numbers, health info and phone conversations among the most sensitive data % of adults who report varying levels of sensitivity about the following kinds of info  
Black Americans are more likely to be Christian than Americans overall % of adults who are Historically black Protestant Evangelical Prote stant 
Most British want some EU powers returned to governments 
Israeli Druze 
Figure 2 Effect Hispanics, of Unauthorized Immigration Characteristics on U.S. Hispanics, by Selected Characteristics [Hispanics Overall, what Latinos is the effect already of UNDOCUMENTEDOR living in the US? Would ILLEGAL immigration it's positive on effect, [Hispanics effect, Latinos effect already living in the whad US? effect Would you say it's a positive other? effect, negative % effect, or would you say it has whad no effect one you way or the positive other? negative % saying effect,  
Is Monitoring Allied Leaders’ Phones Acceptable? 
Personal trust ranges across a spectrum, with differences in levels of trust tied to race and ethnicity, age, education and household income 
About six-in-ten dads say they spend too little time with their kids % ofparents of children young er than age18 who say they ofparents spend of time with young their children age18 Among fathers mostly due to work obligations they little time say with their little children, among children parents spending who say they spend too their little time children, with among their children parents Children don't live with them a II the time Children too busy with other a ctivities Other family or household obliga tions  
Those with high political knowledge are far more likely than others to have heard of QAnon conspiracy theories 
49% Say Major Provisions of ACA Are ‘Here to Stay’ 
Bush Approval Ratings Diverge 
Low global confidence in Trump leads to lower ratings for U.S. Confidence in U.S. president Views of U.S. No confidence 
General Support for TPP thing? Would STPP bea good thing for our country or a bad thing? 
News Coverage vs. News Interest GulfCoast oil leak 41 
Maintaining Benefits Trumps Deficit Reduction 58 Keeping Social 
Vaccines Public Opinion 
The share of lower-income Americans who rely on their smartphone for going online has roughly doubled since 2013 
Among new U.S. moms from Honduras, poverty is 12 times as high as that of new U.S moms from India Financial well being of new USS mothers, by nativity and birthplace, 2011-2014 
Many in the Asia-Pacific region see economic engagement with the U.S. and China positively % who say current economic ties between their country and the U.S./China are 
Many see their economy as weak The current economic situation in our country is 
Different groups hold different views about the level of threat from Zika 
Twitter News Users See Some News Topics at Higher Rates Than Facebook News Users % of each service's news users who regularly see posts about... 
Generational differences in views of key institutions 
Most Latinos critical of U.S. government response to the surge in asylum seekers at border with Mexico 
Want to See Most Members Reelected in 2006 
How Are the Rich Different from Average Americans? % saying rich people are more likely/less likely than the average person to be 
About two-thi rds of households headed by young adults are rentals % of household heads who rent their home, by  
Oil Leak Interest Versus Coverage 75 Percent who followed very closely 59 
How Public Feels About Federal Gov 
Sub-Saharan African publics largely see growing internet connectivity as a positive. 
News Coverage vs. News Interest 
News Interest vs. News Coverage News Interest 
Across educational groups, Republicans give colleges & universities low ratings % who say colleges and universities have a positive effect on the way things are going in the country  
Chinese Conerned about Impact of Foreign Influence on Way of Life way of life commercialism is modern life foreign influence 
Which Country Will Win the Most Medals? 75 Question text: 'Which country do you 
The industries and occupations in which workers are most likely to be immigrants the 10 industries by immigrant share of workers, 2014 Unauthorized immigrants Top 10 occupational groups by immigrant share of workers, 2014 
The growing share of multiracial and multiethnic babies in the U.S. % of children younger than 1 who are multiracial or multiethnic, among those living with two parents Note: Multiracial or multiethnic babies are those who have parents of different races one Hispanic and one  
Where the Holiday Jobs Are Change in number of retail sector jobs Oct. 2013-Feb 2014, by subsector (in thousands) 
Countries with Most People Viewing Contraceptive Use as Immoral % who say rusing contraceptives is morally unacceptable rusing 
FIGURE2 Larger Share of Latino Voters See No Difference between Parties When it Comes to Concern for Latinos; but Democrats Still Dominate Question: Which party do Republican you think has more concern for Hispanics, Latinos: the Republican Party, the Democratic Party or is there 
Greece Not Keen on U.S./Obama 
College graduates more likely to have the option to telework, as are women, white and Asian workers 
Measuring News Interest Week of May 21 Percent who followed this story very closely Percent who named story as their most closely followed 
Democrats split on whether abortion should be legal in 'most or all cases % of U.S. adults who say abortion should be 
News Interest 
Gender in the Segregation Workplace in the Segregation Workplace 
Some in GOP say Trump does not reflect views of average Republicans 
Ten Years Later: Women Still View Motherhood as More Difficult Being mother today US, 20-30 years ago  
-Cold' views of other party S members, frigid views of its presidential candidate Mean thermometer ratings Republicans Among Republicans Among  
About a fifth of newsroom employees live in New York, Los Angeles or D.C. 
Mexico and Canada lose confidence in the U.S president Confidence in the U.S. president to do the rright thing regarding world affairs 
The gender pay gap is narrower among young adults than among workers overall Median hourly earnings of U.S. women as percentage of men 's median among All workers ages 16+ 
Catholics More Likely Than Other Americans to Be Hispanic, Immigrants 
More Approve of U.S. Campaign Against Islamic Militants in Iraq and Syria…And Public Is Now Divided Over Possible Use of Ground Troops 
India's Confidence in Obama Rises How much confidence thing do you have in PresidentObama to do the right thing regarding world affairs? 
Measuring News Interest Percent following each Which one story did you 
The middle class in the U.S. is smaller than in Western Europe % of adult population in lower-, middle- and upper- income households, 2010  
Opinion of Business Corporations: 1985-2015 Overall view of business corporations 
Babies born to Muslims will begin to outnumber Christian births by 2035 Estimated during number of babies born, period by mother's religion, during each five-year period 235 MILLION 
2013-EU-10 
Majority says COVID-19 cases have risen primarily because of more new infections, not just more testing 
Black Muslims are more likely than black Christians to live in the Northeast ... and are more likely than other American Muslims to be U.S. born 
Regional Polls: No Spike in Support for Reuniting Ukraine and Russia % wanting Ukraine and Russia to unite into a single state 
Hispanics Surge Divided on How to Deal with Hispanics Surge in Central American Children Speed if up process, who policy, though even if some who fland Give Obama Low Marks for Handling Influx of Children 
Africa More Positive Than Other Regions About Economic Future 
Most Democrats with high science knowledge say human activity contributes a great deal to climate change, but there is no parallel among GOP 
Americans tend to believe crime is up nationally, less so locally % of USS adults who say there is more crime in than there was a year ago 
Correspondent Many Heard about Attacked CBS Correspondent Many Attacked in Egypt 
More Than Half of Teens Text With Friends Daily % ofall teens who spend time with.friends. EVERY DAY EVERY FEW DAYS LESS OFTEN 
Mexico02 
Opinion of Obama, Obamacare, economy influences vote 
A majority of the public says premarital sex is at least sometimes acceptable 
Percent of News Coverage Devoted to Iraq 
Americans express only moderate trust in most news source types % of U.S. adults who trust the information.from National news worgs Local news forgs and continue to have much lower trust in social media % of web-using U.S. adults who trust the information. 
Troop Most Continue to Favor Afghanistan Quick Troop Pullout from Afghanistan Quick 
Americans Have More Muted Concerns about Government Monitoring of their Own Digital Behavior % of U.S. adults who say they are *very/ 'somewhat' or *not very/ not at all concerned' about g overnment they surveillance of their own data and electronic communications 
Strong support for U.S. 
Most see a place for anonymous sources in the news, but say they should not be used at will 
League supporters have much more negative views of immigrants than Five Star supporters Immigrants 
Figure 1 
Narrow majority of black Democrats say belief in God is needed to be moral 
Democrats are nearly twice as likely as Republicans to say there's too much economic inequality 
Women make up nearly half of the labor force; share will remain steady in coming decades Male and female share of the U.S. labor force (% 
Bernanke lost ground with Republicans; partisan gap stover Fed chair remains % chairperson saying they have a favorable view Yellen) of the Fed chairperson (Ben Bernanke, /Janet Yellen) appointed 
Anti-Muslim assaults exceed 2001 total Anti-Muslim assaults in USS reported to the FBI 
Government viewed as doing too little for older people, poor, middle class How much help does the federalgovernment provide to each group? (%)  
Independents Disapprove of Obama Administration’s Handling of Ukraine 
How is the Military Effort in Iraq G oing? 100 93 
Revenue continues to rise for cable channels Projected annual revenue in USS dollars $5 billion 
U.S Catholics increasingly critical of the way Pope Francis has handled sex abuse scandal % ofus Catholics who say Pope Francis is 
Economic Outlook Improves Economic conditions a year from now will be 
Roughly one-in-twenty Americans say God chose Trump, Obama because God approved of their policies 
Twitter users more mobile in news consumption 
U.S Hispanic population growth has slowed Average annual growth rate in U.S. Hispanic population 4.5% 
U.S public is closely divided in ratings of news media's coverage of climate issues % of USS adults who say the news media do a global climate change 
Dysfunctional Government Most Important Problem Facing America Today Monthly trend, January 2008 October 2013 Economy in general Government/Ongress) Politicians 
Views of the Economic Recovery 
Democratic Voters Less Likely to Say 2014 Ballot is a Vote “For Obama” 
Most Americans trust medical scientists for full and accurate information on childhood vaccines % of U.S. adults who say they trust each of these groups to givefull and accurate information about health risks and benefits of the childhood vaccine for measles, mumps and trubella  
the partisan divide in views of importance of strengthening military % who say strengthening the military isa top priority 
Republicans Ratings Continue to Offer Republicans Lackluster Ratings Continue for the Field As a group, the Republican candidates.are... 
Low Approval Ratings for Congressional Leaders 
Anti-Muslim assaults at highest level since 2001 Anti-Muslim assaults reported to the FBI 
Figure 2 Employment Rate, Fourth Quarters, 2007 and 2008  
Puzzle and strategy games are among the most popular types of video games 
Foreign-born share of Congress remains below historical highs Foreign-born members share of the House and Senate, by Congress 
U.S. most negative on NAFTA The has been North American thing Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA, has been a thing for our country Agreement,  
Russian and American opinions of the other country's president have generally remained low for many years American confidence in Putiny Russian confidence in U.S. Presidents Bush ('o3 '88), Obama (oog '15) and Trump (17-18) to do the right thing regarding 
Texting Popular Around the Globe On your cell phone, do you regularly  
Opinions of Benjamin Netanyahu Favorable Unfa vora ble No opinion % who say 
Most Trump voters who had been cold or neutral toward him in April 2016 turned warmer, stayed warm Among validated voters in 2016 who reported voting for Trump, % who rated him warm on a feeling thermometer Trump, from o (coldest rating) to 100 (warmest 
Obama More Popular Than Clinton In Western Europe Obama Clinton Based on respondents who say they have been following the ULS presidential election very or 
Estimated the ofU.S., China and the 2010 and 2050  
Japanese and Chinese Adiffer most orever who is nationalistic and who is modern % Japanese who a seociate with the Chinese % Chinese who associate with the Ja panese 
Voters continue to pay more attention to COVID-19 news than to news about the presidential candidates % ofvoters who say they are following news about each news story very closely 
Support for same-sex marriage has prisen among whites, blacks and Hispanics % who favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry 
More continue to disapprove than approve of Trump's job performance ofthe way Trump is handling his job as 
Is Warming? There Solid Evidence the Earth is Is Warming? There Solid Yes, solid evidence warming 
Why get married? 
In the U.S., partisan gap in views of the EU is widest in more than 15 years % of with favorable views of the European Union 
Large Majority Views Measles Vaccine as Safe 
Americans, Chinese differ on China's future as world's leading superpower Which comes closest to your view? China will never China will/has replace U.S. as the replaced U.S as the  
The Revenue Picture at Local TV Station Groups % Change of2013 Third Quarter vs. 2012 Third Quarter Revenues Journal Communications) 2 
U.S. Hiring Rate is Flat Seasonally adjusted, as a percentage of total employment 
Half of immigrants in U.S. are English proficient as of 2018 % offoreign-born population ages 5 and older who are English proficient 
News Interest May vs. News Coverage Economy Swine flu 21 
Germans prioritize the U.S. relationship over China, but more divided on Russia 
In Europe and Asia, U. S. seen as leading economic power the which one of the following do you think is the world's leading economic power? 
Number of Millennials eligible to vote approaching that of Boomers Eligible voters by generation, 1996-2016 80 million Boomer 
2016 Candidates in the News 
Americans' trust in military, scientists relatively high; trust in media, business leaders, elected officials low % of USS adults who say they have of confidence in each of the following groups to act in the best interests of the public Not too No  
Party and Education Percent who believe global warming is happening because of human activity 
Teen Daters Usually Have Similar Communication Expectations as Their Significant Other 
The Share of the Global Middle-Income Population Living in Asia & South Pacific Rises from 2001 to 2011 
the majority of Democrats say global respect for U.S. has diminished and this is a major problem' % who say that, compared with the past, the U.S. is less respected by ooher countries these days compared -0 - Less respected and isa major problem 
Fewer Heard About Rally, Recall a lot a little Nothing atall Rutgers suicide student's suicide after secretly being vide otap ed Immigration status of  
Swedes score lowest on scale of nationalist, anti-immigrant, anti-religious minority attitudes (NIM); Italians the highest 
Far more Democrats than Republicans expect partisan relations to get better 
Majorities of blacks say they've faced discrimination, but those with college experience are more likely to say this 
Spending for Entitlements, Aid to Poor Favored over Deficit Reduction 
Views of impact of support for Trump and Clinton on personal friendships ifafriend voted for % who say it would Donald Trump 
Subject: Steady for Legal Abortion 
Figure 1 U.S. Hispanic Population, by Origin, 2011 (in thousands)  
Modest Expectations for a More Democratic Cuba 
Should Turkey Look More To 
Since mid-April, COVID-19 deaths have declined in Democratic districts but have been relatively stable in Republican districts Average number ofnewly reported deaths in congressional districts represented by (seven day rolling average) 
1967-2012 Median Household Income by Age of Householder, 1967-2012 In 2012 dollars $60, .000 
News Interest vs News Coverage February 23 March 
Strong and Obama Support for Both Romney Strong and Obama Support Percent them strongly ofeach candidates supporters who back Percent them strongly ofeach 
News Interest vs. News Coverage News Interest 
used online platforms among U.S adults % ofU.S. adults who say they ever use the following online platforms or messaging apps online or on their cellphone 
Negative Characteristics Associated with Americans Greedy Violent Rude immoral Jordan 64 Jordan 69 Indonesia 56 Lebanon 64 Turkey 53 Pakistan 58 
Newsroom employees are more likely to be white and male than all U.S. workers % ofus employed adults who are Newsroom employees 77% Note: Based on population ages 18 and older employed in the civilian labor force Non-Hispanic whites include only 
U.S. union membership rate has fallen since 1980s % ofall U.S. wage and salary workers 16 and older who belong to/are represented by a union 
Large minority of Chinese 
Republicans largely approve of U.S strikes on Syria; Democrats are divided Do you approve or disapprove of the U.S. conducting the Syrian government used chemical weapons? (%, Do dealing you think Donald Trump inSyria? has a clear plan for Doesn't have a clear plan Has a clear plan  
About a third of Latinos say they now express their Hispanic or American identities outwardly more often than five years ago 
A large majority of tweets come from a small minority of tweeters 
Measuring News Interest Percent following each 
Americans are divided about media coverage of protests these days % of U.S. adults who say news organizations give the compared with recent years 
Unequal Opportunity? Share agreeing that 'men get more opportunities than women for jobs that pay well, even when women are as qualified as men for the job' Germany 84% Poland 83  
Mothers More Likely to Interact With Their Facebook Networks Among Facebook users, the % of mothers and fathers who reading *share, viewing post or comment on Facebook as opposed to reading or viewing content' Source Pew Research Centersurveys, Facebookages Sept 11-14 and 18-21, 
News Interest vs. News Coverage News Interest 
News Interest vs News Coverage Haiti 47 Campaign ads 
Lebanese most positive on Assad Views of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 
Republicans, Democrats want Trump to be imore cautious' in the White House When it comes to the kind of things Trump says and tweets, once he becomes president (%)  
Group Nativity among U.S. Latinos, by Age Group Nativity (%)  
More Predict Economy Will Get More Worse Next Year Economy A year from now, economic conditions will be. 
News Interest vs. News Coverage Iraq 23 Walter Reed 
Most View Eurosceptic Parties as Good the for the Country The rise of Enation- specifcootraditional parties is a 
Burns, cuts and bruises are most common fireworks injuries in U.S. 
Highest shares of K-12 students with unauthorized immigrant parents are in West or Southwest states % of K-12 students with at least one parentwho is an unauthorized immigrant :in2014 
More Latinos than U.S. adults overall say someone in their household has had pay cut or lost a job due to COVID-19 
What Americans Are Hearing About. 
Environmental Priorities % saying each isa top priority 
Household income Under $30,000 
About a third of Americans say society has gone too far in accepting transgender people % saying that offur society has accepting people who are transg ender 
In general. how would you say things are going for the US in Atghanistan--rota TED: very well, moderately well, moderately badly, (or) very badly)? Total well Total badly 
Across race and ethnicity, teen birth rates are less than half of what they were a decade ago Births per 1, 000 females ages 15-19 77.5 
In 2018, YouTube, Instagram and Snapchat were the most popular online platforms among teens 
Share of K-12 students with unauthorized immigrant parents has risen since 2009 in U.S. % of K-12 students with at least one parent who is an unauthorized 
GOP split along ideological lines in views of stricter environmental laws 
Concern about Trump and conflicts of interest remains widespread. but lower than in December % who are concerned that Trump's ability relationships with orgs., businesses or foreign gouts conflict with his ability to serve the country's best interests 
Americans think individuals and public schools should have the most responsibility to make sure workers have the right skills % saying these groups should have rightskills responsibility and education in making be successful sure that the 's economy 
Majorities favor increased spending for education, veterans, infrastructure, other govt. programs  
About four-in-ten U.S. intermarried couples include one Hispanic and one white spouse % of 'opposite- sex newlywed intermarried couples that include each combination White/American Indian 3% Hispanic/ Black 5% White/ Black 11% White/ Asian 15% White/Hispanic 42% 
Public impressions of 2016 campaign % describing the presidential campaignas 
Figure 4 Technology Use Among Hispa nics and Non-Hispanics: 2009 
Nearly half of Americans say local news outlets are a major source of news about the coronavirus outbreak 
Which President During Your Lifetime Has Done the Best Job? Millennial 
Partisan differences over whether too many are feasily offended by language % who say 
Republicans Less Favorable Toward the GOP % who have a favorable opinion of... Republican Party Democratic Party 
Roughly three-in-ten younger men changed their views on an issue because of social media 
Dec clining Confidence in Chavez as a World Leader 2007 2008 How much confidence do you have in Venezuelan 
Two-thirds of Muslims sprefer the Democratic Party Party affliation of USS Muslims 
Hispanic To Lack Health Immigrants Insurance More Likely than U.S-born To Lack Health Insurance Percent without health insurance in 2014 USS overall 14% Hispanics overall 25 U.S. born Hispanics 17 Foreign born Hispanics 39 Foreign- born Hispanics, U.S citizens 21 Foreign born Hispanics, non-citizen 49 Younger than 18 12 Younger than 18 34  
Religious Affiliation, by Hispanic Origin Group 
Most Americans say people are too quick to undergo cosmetic procedures % of U.S. adults saying the following about cosmetic procedures 
Number of refugees admitted each fiscal year into the U.S., in thousands, by religious affiliation 
Most Indians stee little progress on key issues over past five years Over the past five years, 
Only a quarter say 'tone of debate among political leaders is respectful' % who say The tone of debate among political leaders is respectful  
Blacks More Likely than Whites to Say Brown's Shooting Raises Racial Issues Thinking about the police shooting of an African American teen in Ferguson, Missouri, percent saying important This case raises Race is attention getting important issues more attention getting DK  
Police, public divided by race stover whether attaining equality requires more changes % saying that  
Independents who do not lean toward a party are more likely to have unfavorable views of both parties 
Desire for honest elections losing support in Egypt 
News Interest vs. News Coverage Economy Fannie-Freddie 15 
Obama Palestinian 's Role Conflict in Resolving Should Israeli Obama Palestinian 's Conflict Resolving Should Israeli Bem Larger About the same Smaller 
Individual liberty vs. state guarantees 
More Afghans than Iraqis entered U.S. under special immigrant visas since 2013 Number of Afghan and Iraqi citizens entering the U.S. under special immigrant visa programs, byfiscal year (in thousands) 
As of 2019, Instagram had gained users among U.S. adults but YouTube, Facebook remained most widely used platforms % of U.S. adults who say they ever use the following online platforms or messaging apps online or on their cellphone 
Sympathize More With Palestinians 
Democrats Prefer Compromise 
Drop-off voters voted in 2016 but were less engaged than consistent voters % who staid they followed 2016 presidentialelection Very closely Somewhat Justa little Not atall Among those who voted in % who staid lit makes difference to them personally whether the Democrats or Republicans control the 
In Leaders Abstract, Both Compromise Sides I Like Leaders Abstract, Who Compromise % saying they like political get the leaders job done who are willing to % ma saying ke compromises they like political to get the leaders job done who 
Fewer see crime as a serious problem in Russia since 2002 Crime isa vvery big problem 
More than Half Are Dissatisfied with Country Direction in Turkey Are you with the way things are going in our country today? 
Overwhelmingly Boko Haram in Nigeria Negative 
Figure 8. Comparison of ownership of internet-ready devices by income brackets <$30,000 $30,000-S49.999 $50,000-S74.999 $75,000+ 
Trump supporters most likely to view U.S. global economic ties negatively 
Views of Russia China ULS 
Partisan gaps dwarf race, education, other differences in political values 
Chinese Expect Corruption to Improve in Next 5 Years 
Favorable ratings of both parties little changed since April % who have a favorable viewof the... 
U.S. per capita trade deficit with Germany has outpaced that with China 
U.S. has more college-educated immigrants than other economically advanced countries 
% ofus adults who say their opinion of Pope Francis is 
Views of candidate quality much less positive for presidential elections than for local contests several elections has been 
Across-the-board drop in ratings of govt efforts to reduce terrorist threat 
the Military World Force 
ancestry Eight-in-ten non-Hispanics with Hispanic ancestry have never thought of themselves as Hispanic % of self-identifednom. Hispanics who ever considered themselues Hispanicor Latino Among those who say no, the main creasons include Note: Voluntary responses of 'Don' know and 'refused' not  
Few will be excited Nov. 8, no matter the outcome won the presidentialelection How would you feel if in November 2016? (%) Excited Relieved Disappointed Angry  
News Interest vs. News Coverage 2008 Campaign 
Nearly half of U.S. refugees in 2016 were from D.R. Congo, Syria and Burma (Myanmar) Number of refugees entering the U.S. in fiscal 2016, by origin country 
Most vice presidential nominees have had significant government experience Highest office (current or former) held when nominated, 1868-2012 U, S. Senator 26 nominees *or other executive branch position. 
Black, Hispanic and older voters more likely to say it’s important to get messages from presidential campaigns 
what AMERICANS ARE HEARING ABOUT THE ECONOMY Mix of Good and Bad News 
Bipartisan willingness to use force to defend U.S. allies in conflict with China 
Within couples, women's earnings have increased steadily stover the decades relative to their husbands' % of couples where the Woman earns more Net 13%  
Partisans' satisfaction with the state of the nation shifts sharply after Trump's election % today... saying they are satisfied wwith the way things are going in this country 
Partisan D ivide on Economic Ratings Percent rating the economy as exce lent or good 
Sharp Troop Rise in Pullout Percentage Backing Sharp U.S. Troop Pullout Percentage 
Hawaii's Multiracial Population Differs From U.S. 
FIGURE2 States with Largest Shares of Unauthorized Immigrants in the Labor Force, 2012 Unauthorized immigrants % of state's labor force 
Broadband use at home has risen fairly consistently since the Pew Internet Project began to measure it in 2000, but growth rate has slowed somewhat in the general population. 
Religious Composition of India Projected share of the population, 2010-2050 
Democracy vs. Stable Government Which is more important to you? 
Information Gathering 
LGBT Americans 
Trump viewed as too personally critical more than any candidate in decades Have the candidates been too pprr sonally critical of their opponents? Dukakis Clinton Gore Kerry Obama Obama Clinton 1988 1996 2000 2004 2008 2012 2016 Republican candidates 
Nearly All Scientists Talk with the Public; A Sizable Share Use Social Media, Blogs 
Gun owners more likely than non-gun owners to contact public officials about gun policy % saying they have opinion ever contacted a public official to express opinion on gun policy NET ever Among those saying gun laws should be Among gun owners saying gun laws should be 
Nigerians generally express positive views of China 
The Skills to Succeed important for children today to get 
Figure 1 Mexican-American Population Growth, 1980-2010 (millions) Births during decade New immigrants during decade  
Americans have limited trust in scientists connected with genetically modified foods % of U.S. adults 
Eight-in-ten U.S. Muslims say they fast during Ramadan Do you fast during the holy month of Ramadan, or not?  
Allowing Gays and Lesbians to Marry Legally 
Fewer Republicans say local news media are connected to community 
Small Digital News Sites %of digitalnews outlets analyzed Had three or fewer 
a growing share of Americans are 'unpartnered' % of adults without a spouse/partner present, by age All adults <35 years 
Latino Midterm Voters 
Confrontational likely congressional posts most likely to receive langry reactions % ofall reactions to Facebook posts by members of Congress that were 
Technology and Internet Items Show Sizeable Differences Comparisons of Web-only and total sample, in % 
Japanese back measures to help developing countries % who 
Number of Newly Married Adults In millions 
Views on Scientific Understanding of GM crops understanding % of U.S. adults who say scientists have a clear/not clear understanding of the health effects of GM crops 
Early ratings of Trump much more negative than Obama's in fearly 2009 % who approve of 
Social networking site use by age group, 2005-2011 The percentage of adult internet users in each age group who use social networking sites 
Americans are divided on how tax law will affect them and the country % who say the tax law will have a effectover the coming years 
Does China Consider Interests of Countries Like Yours? 
National Economic Ratings Personal Economic Ratings ExcellentiGood Excellentfood OnlyfairPPoor OnlyfairiPoor 
Majority of U.S. poll workers are over 60 
Republican Catholics on the Rise Among Catholic House members, Republicans outnumber Democrats for the first time in recent 
Wider divide in views of success' in Iraq between liberal Democrats and conservative Republicans % who say that the U.S. mostly succeeded in achieving its goals in Iraq 
Many U.S. Muslims attend mosque, pray salah on a regular basis % ofus Muslims who 
Negative Opinion of NATO 
Births to unauthorized immigrants in the U.S. have declined since the Great Recession 
More Democrats than Republicans say sex harassment inssue is vvery important' % who say the issue of sexualassault country and harassmentis very importantifor the country Total 
Majority of college educated women say women should have children before entering politics to be successful 
It Is More Important to Have Strong Ties with 
News Interest vs. News Coverage Midwest tornadoes Federal budget deficit 
Catholics Say Traditional Families Are Ideal 
Heard Most About In the News Clinton McCain 
In the U.S., views about athletes speaking out on political issues differ by age, race, ethnicity and party 
Fields, Asians in Adults, Science and Engineering Fields, Adults, 2010 % employed in science and engineering fields U.S. population U.S Asian groups 
occupations Employment requiring is rising faster in occupations requiring rising higher levels of preparation Number employed, inmillions 
53% of younger Americans say they’ve ordered from a restaurant online or through an app due to COVID-19 
Views on how far the country has come on gender equality differ widely by gender and by party 
In most emerging economies surveyed, few adults say they use three or more social media platforms 
Girls Dominate Visually-Oriented Social Media Platforms Percent of girls fand boys who use Boys Are More Likely to Play Video Games Percent of girls and boys who 
Different Questions, Slightly Different  
Turks Views of Other Countries 
Asians account for the largest share of immigrant eligible voters in California % among residing in California in 2018 Note: Eligible voters are adult U.S. citizens. Figures do not sum to 100% because other single-race and multiracial groups are not 
Republicans now more confident than Democrats about country's future Confidence in the future of the U.S. (%) 
Measuring News Interest Week of January 13-18 Percent who followed this story very closely Percent who named story as their most closely followed 
Naturalization applications from October to June outpace years past Number of naturalization applications in first three quarters of each fiscal year, in thousands  
Concern about Islamic Extremism Rising in Many Western and Muslim Countries 
Stark Differences by Ideology in Venezuelans' View of Cuba Venezuelans with a favorable view of Cuba 
Majority of Americans say more women running for Congress is a good thing 
What Do You Consider Yourself First? 
Public's awareness of developments. political leaders % answering each correctly Zika is spread primarily by.... Mosquitoes Country leaving the EU United Kingdom DOJ lead Russia investigator Mueller 
Most Want Uncensored Internet Access 
Officers who frequently feel angry and frustrated on the job have more negative views of public and media % of police officers in each group who strongly agree/agree that The Freq uently angry Not frequently fangry They have become more callous toward people 
By 2065, No Racial or Ethnic Group Will Be a Majority 
About half of college educated adults say they have undergone fertility treatment or know someone who has 
Many Americans believe customer reviews and ratings improve consumer experiences % ofU.S. adults who say customer reviews and ratings help 
Inflation, Crime, Health Care and Corruption Top Concerns 
The Party Balance in Recent Polls 
Most Americans are relatively confident in their digital job-seeking skills, but a minority would find it challenging to accomplish tasks such as building a professional resume 
21% of Americans say they use smart watches or fitness trackers 
The Changing Face of Multiracial America, According to Census Data 
Cellphone sample weight has smaller design effect than full sample weight Approximate survey designeffects fover time 
A majority in U.S. thinks astronauts. not only robots, should explore space % of USS adults who say human astronauts are  
Almost three-quarters of Republicans feel misunderstood by the news media 
Current Life Satisfac tion High (7-10) Medium 14-6) Low (0-3) 
Declining job ratings for both parties' congressional leaders % who approve of thejob 
Republicans More Satisfied With Their Field Than in 2007, 2011 
Public Interest vs. Coverage of Oil Leak in 2010 % very closely following the BP spill compared with coverage (percentof newshole) 
News Interest vs. News Coverage October 28 November 2 
U.S unauthorized immigrant total declines from Mexico, but rises from other nations In millions 
Democratic Support for Clinton Higher than in 2007, and Possible Rivals Garner Less Support Among Democratic and Democratic -leaning registered voters, % chance would vote for March 2015  
Widespread disapproval of Trump 's signature policy proposals of President Donald Trump 's proposed policy to 
Downward trend in public views of economic issues as top priority' is a top priorityfor the presidentand % who say Congress 
How involved are Christians in their congregations? % of people in each religious group who have high/medium//ow level of involvement in their congregations 
About a third of U.S Republicans have confidence in Putin, up significantly since 2015 % who say they have confidence in Russian President Vladimir Putin to do the right thing concerning world affairs 
Hollywood Followed Seen as Most Unfriendly Toward Scientists Religion, Hollywood Followed Seen by News Unfriendly Media and Toward Scientists Religion, Friendly Neutral Unfriendly  
Majority of YouTube users encounter videos that seem false/untrue, or show people doing dangerous things 
Chinese stee their country ascending, Americans don't Do you think our country plays a more importantrole in the world today compared with 10 today years ago, a less important role or about as important a compared role in the world today as it did10 years ago?  
Blacks, Hispanics less likely than whites to view police officers 'warmly' % who rate police (warmestrating) officers on a feeling thermometer from 0 (coldest rating) to 100 (warmestrating) Very cold Somewhat cold Neutra Somewhat warm Very warm  
Seven-in-Ten Continue to Support Path to Legal Status for Undocumented 
Photographers Among Those Hit Hardest by Job Cuts Number of U.S newspaper jobs, byjob category 30, 000 jobs 
Bush Approval Post War Approve a Disapprove 
A subset of legislators dominates the Twitter conversation 
Positive Ratings for Pope Francis 
France, Japan, U.S. Out of Step 
Per cent C Citing Drugs As Most Impor tant National Problem 40% 
Democrats and Republicans are about as likely to name Germany as a top foreign policy partner, but Republicans are keener on Israel 
About eight-in-ten or more in U.S say politicians, big corporations and the wealthy have too much power and influence in today's economy % saying each of the following groups has today's economy  
More Important to Educate 
Nearly half of Democrats now say U.S does too Allittle' to solve world problems In termsof solving world problems, U.S. does (%)  
Supreme Declines Court Favorability Supreme Declines 
Views of U.S. Standing in the World: Declining Percentage Says We're No. 1' U.S. sta nds a bove all other countries in the world U.S one of greatest countries along with others There are other co untries that are better thanU.s 
Little public support for overturning Roe v. Wade Would you like to see the Supreme Courtcompletely overturn its Roe versus Wade decision, or not? Yes overturn Roe v. Wa de No, do not overturn 
Republicans largely feel misunderstood by the news media regardless of their interest in the news 
How Much Should the Government Do to Reduce Poverty and Inequality? How Much Can It Do? To reduce the gap between the 
The Bes it Way ito Achieve Peace is through I Cilitary Strength 
Interracial Marriages Vary by Race 
G7 countries' fertility rates have been historically lower than global rates Number of projected lifetime births per woman (total fertility rate) 
More Americans are reading books on tablets and cell phones, even as dedicated e-reader muse has remained stable % of USS adults who have read an E-, book in the last year using a/an  
Low ratings for both Republican and Democratic congressional leaders % who approve of thejob are doing 
Projected population by generation In millions 
Majority continues to say ensuring health care coverage is a government responsibility Is it the responsibility of the federal government to make sure thatall Americans responsibility have health care federal coverage? government (%) 
Majority of Americans say science has a mostly positive impact on society 
Rodrigo Duterte and his war on drugs receive positive reviews from Filipinos 
Half of American adults play video games; 10% consider themselves “gamers” 
Social media users from a range of age groups use these platforms for employment-related purposes 
Russians see their country as a balance to Western powers Russians who agree that a strong Russia is 
In Mideast, Fears that Syria Violence Will Spread Concern that violence in Syria willspread to neighboring countries 
Majorities of blacks, Hispanics approve of Obama % who approve of Obama'sjob performance 
People Have Varying Views About When It Is OK Or Not OK To Use Their Cellphones % of adults who believe itis OK or not to use a cellphone in these situations Generally not OK Generally OK 
Just 11% of Trump backers are very confident in accurate vote count in U.S. % ofregistered voters who are confident that Very Somewhat Not too Not at all Their vote will be accurately counted Votes across the country upcoming will be accurately counted 
Americans want more cooperation with European allies, but Germans less likely to say the same about the U.S. % who say the U.S./Germany should cooperate more or less with  
Racial and income differences in concerns over contracting COVID-19, spreading it to others 
Wide gaps by race, education, religious affiliation in views of immigration policy expanding % who substantially permanentlegal status to  
Nearly 34 million lawful immigrants 
Women more likely than men to say they do most of the meal preparation, grocery shopping % ofU.S. adults living with a spouse or partner who say they Are the usual grocery shopper 
More See Russia as a ‘Serious Problem’ than as an ‘Adversary’ 
Fluency in Spoken English Rises Across Hispanic Generations (%6 who speak English very well) 
Using cell phones as a TV 'distraction device % of cell owners in each age group who have used their phone watching in the last 30 days to keep themselves occupied during breaks or commercials while watching television  
Racial and ethnic composition of immigrant eligible voters varies across states % of immigrant eligible voters, by race and ethnicity  
Frustration remains dominant public feeling toward federal government Feeling toward the federalgovernment (%) 
Most Important Problems 2005 2008 
Nearly half of Americans say life for future generations will be worse than life today 
Deportations in FY 2013 
Same Sex Marriage Gains More Acceptance Marriage 
Both Republicans and Democrats oppose making voting mandatory % who say All citizens should Citizens should be able to be required to vote decide whether to vote in 
Few Greeks see international institutions positively Favorable view of 
Reactions Gay Marriage to Obama 's Support for 
Measuring News Interest Percent following each 
Most Say Inequality Is a Problem % Very big problem Africa Tunisia Nigeria Europe 
Most find little common ground with those they disagree with politically 
Tsunami Response 
Catholics Who Regularly Attend Mass Less Accepting of Non-Traditional Families 
Non-broadband users cite a number of reasons why the do not use high-speed connections % of each group who cite the following as reasons for not having broadband at home 
News Interest vs. News Coverage Economy 
More than a quarter of Americans have chosen to not post something online after seeing harassment of others % of USS adults who have harassing behaviors directed toward others online 
Global views of Trump's characteristics % saying they think of President Donald Trump as 
Generations Agree: College Is Worth It % considering of college graduates in each generation paidfor who say that undergraduate considering education, they it  
British Increasingly Want to Remain Part of European Union Ifa vote were held today, would vote to 
Rural residents are more likely to know most or all neighbors – but not to interact with them 
Democrats more likely than Republicans to expect a decline in U.S. influence after the pandemic 
FIGURE3 Salvadoran Religious Affiliation % of adults who belong to each 
More Interest in News about Gun Debate than Immigration Debate % following very closely 
Measuring News Interest % following each story very closely Which one story did you follow most closely? 
Gover nment Favorability 
Military, Police Ratings Reach Lowest Point Good influence on the way things are going inMexico 
People Have Varying Views About When It Is OK Or Not OK To Use Their Cellphones 
On Drug Policy, Gov’t Should Focus More On … 
Since colleges 2015, sharp negative rise in share of Republicans country saying colleges have a negative effect on the country % who say colleges and universities have a effect on the way things are going in colleges the country 
Bush Job Approval Among Independents 
Number of Arabic speakers has grown 29% from 2010 to 2014 Number of people ages5 and older who speak-rabicat home (in thousands) 
Labor unions are necessary to protect the working person 
Despite Saudi Arabia's importance in the Islamic world, it ranks 16th in Muslim population Largest Muslim populations (in millions)  
Decrease in Child Mortality Under-5 mortality rate (deaths per 1,000 live births) 1990 
Figure 3 Latino Presidential Popular Vote in the 2012 Presidential Popular Election (% who voted for 
File Sharing Application Usage Internet users Total with these US Sharing applications Home Work Application actively UUniversity running Usage Locations III a given month (000) Total US Home Work UUniversity Locations KaZaa Media Desktop Application Usage Source com Score Media Metrix 
Within couples, women's earnings have increased steadily stover the decades relative to their husbands' % of couples where the Woman earns more Net 13%  
Decline in Voter Registration % absolutely certain registered to vote 
Most Indians Own Getting a Cell Phone, but Few Use Them for Getting Political News %yes Own a cell phone % ofcell phone owners who regularly Take pictures/video 
Most Scientists Support Active Engagement in Public Policy Debates 
Majority of U.S. teens worry a shooting could happen at their school about the possibility ofa shooting % of teens saying they are shooting happening at their school 
Russian Views of China and the U.S. Russians with afavorable view of 
Will There Be Health Care Reform? 46 
News Interest vs. News Coverage Situation in Iraq 24 
Majority of Americans say healthy eating, physical exercise are key to a long and healthy life % of USS adults who say each of the following is improving a person's chances of a long and healthy life Very importa nt Somewhat importa int Not too important/ Not at all importa nt  
Views of access to abortion in states are similar to opinions about legal abortion 
Few say border wall would lead to 
the about a third congressional of Americans approve of both parties' congressional leaders % who approve of the job are doing 
Nation's Poor Population Is Less Southern, More Urban Than in 1960 Share of nation's impoverished population BY COUNTY POPULATION 
News Interest vs. News Coverage 20 Gill bankruptcy 18 
Americans' views of UN relatively stable % of Americans who say they have a(n) view of the United Nations 100% 
How Trump and Clinton supporters view undocumented immigrants in the U.S % who say undocumented immigrants currently living in the U.S. 
Voter generation turnout rates in presidential elections, by generation % of eligible voters who say they voted Greatest 
Younger Americans More Likely to Younger Prioritize Alternative Energy priorityfor % of U.S. adults saying... essing should be the more important priorityfor faddr saying... essing America's energy supply Alternative energy so urces such as wind, solar Expand production of oil, coal, natura gas 
Globally, More Say China Does Not Respect Personal Freedoms 
Most say voting was ‘very easy’ regardless of how and when they cast their ballots 
Immigration Is a Very Big Problem Africa Italy 5 Africa Italy Lebanon Palest ter Palest Morocco Spain ter Morocco Pakistan Spain Pakistan Spain Bolivia Britain Turkey U, 5. Turkey India Germany Senegal 
Fewer than half of Americans express confidence in public's political wisdom (of trust and confidence in the % saying they have wisdom of American people in making political decisions 
News Interest Before and After Tucson Tragedy January 9, 2011 % following feach story  
Not All Hispanics See Shared Common Values Among U.S. Hispanics… 
In Latin America, one-in-four people are younger than 15 
Japanese most concerned about cybersecurity, ISIS and climate change is a major threatto Japan Cyberattacks from other 
Large differences in views of legal abortion by religious affiliation 
More Say Gun Ownership Protects People From Crime Than Risks Safety 
A majority of U.S. adults say changing a baby’s genes to treat a serious congenital disease is appropriate 
Support for UN Rebounds in ULS 
About half of Americans say they've heard about QAnon conspiracy theories % ofU.S. adults who say they have heard or read a lot or a little about QAnon 
Shifting Debate debate? you 
Economics, environmental issues, cyberattacks top Americans' list of concerns about China How seriousof aproblem is 
Germans: Majority Prefer Strong Ties with U.S. 
Figure 1 Estimates of the U.S. Unauthorized Immigrant Population, 1990-2012 in millions 
Obama in 2nd Term Job approval by party 
Among Catholics, Democrats more likely than Republicans to rate Pope Francis positively % ofU.S. Catholics who have afavorable opinion 
India Rising Sees Itself as 
Number of refugees admitted to the U.S. falls in 2018 Refugees admitted to the U.S., by fiscal year 200, 000  
Early views of the general: More favor a Democrat than Trump, but just a quarter think a Democrat will win  
Where the job openings are Industrialsectors hestopening with the hig hest number ofjob openings and thig hestopening rates, April 2017 Number of openings  
More Than Half World’s Refugees from Syria, Afghanistan and Somalia 
Re ligion is a Personal Kept Matter and ligion Should be Personal Kept Se Matter parate from Gove rnment U.S 55 Canada 71 France 73 6 Britain 70 Germany 68 Italy 67 Czech Rep 75 Slovak Rep 72 Poland 65 Ukraine 63 Russia 55 Bulgaria 50 Uzbekistan 55 Guatemala 59 Indonesia 42 
Republicans and Democrats Adiffer on whether govt provides too little help for poor, too much for wealthy How much help does the federalgovernment provide to each group? (%)  
Groups Unfavorable Ratings for Extremist Groups Favorable Unfavora ble DK/Refused 
UK is the 10th largest source of migrants to the rest of the world Top origin countries ofall emigrants, as of 2015 
With the exception of the UK and Greece, European publics hold favorable views of the EU. 
Desktop/Laptop Ownership Over Time hashtag_of American adults who own each device 
Nearly six-in-ten rural Americans have gun in their household % of U.S. adults saying they 
Germans and Americans express diminishing confidence in U.S. government's treatment of rights The U.S. government respects the personal.freedoms of 
Hispanics are likely to cite family-related life priorities as 'extremely important' 
About two-thirds of veterans say the war in Iraq was not worth fighting % of each group who say, considering the costs to the United States group versus the say, benefits to the United States, the was/has been  
Who Economic Is World's Leading Economic Power? Leading BU S. 
Unemployment and inflation biggest concerns for Indians is a very big problem 
Partisan views of 'winners' and losers' in Trump's administration % who say each group will by Donald Trump taking office 13 45 65 21 
Those with postgraduate degrees most confident in scientists, medical scientists of confidence in scientists, 'medical scientists to act in best interests of public % of U.S. adults who say they have a great dea I a fair amount NET a great deal a fair amount  
Share of countries with highest levels of social hostilities remained stable 
Wide partisan gap in views of impact of Russian efforts to influence election % who say Russian refforts to influence the 2016 election benefited campaign 
Age of Head, 1989-2010 
Indians Considers Increasingly Their Interests Believe U.S. Considers Increasingly Their Interests Great deal/Fair amount Not too much/Not at all 
Military and Police Praised Influence on the way things are going in Tunisia 
Partisan Views of U.S. Actions in Iraq 
Seventh-Day Adventists: A Small and Diverse Faith 
Education, ideological differences in views of same-sex marriage allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally % who  
No Latino Majority Now Projected in California Before 2060 Projected Hispanic share of 
Private and public college grads say they are about equally satisfied in life 
Across emerging economies, smartphones – rather than basic or feature phones – are often the most widespread type of mobile device 
Top Policy Priorities for 2011 % rating each a 'top priority Economy Terrorism Environment 
Divide emerging in how partisans see Xi Jinping 
Cubans now less than a third of Florida's eligible Hispanic voters 
How Many Use Facebook? Monthly active users at year end 
Strong Bush Approval among Conservative Republicans, 2001-05 % of conservative Republicans who approve *very strong ly') *not so strongly 
Democrats, Republicans Bothered by Different Aspects of Federal Tax System 
Talking about End-of-Life Issues Have discussed with children.s Whether they have a will and what to do with family belongings How to handle medical care if they 
Decision to Use Military Force in Iraq? Right Decision 
Republicans stee too much regulation of financial industry, Democrats too little Which comes closer to your view? The government Has gone too far Has not gone far regulating financial enough regulating linstitutions 
Health Care Hard Reform: Understand Important, Interesting, Hard to Understand Important, Do you think health care reform is 
News Interest in the Presidential Campaign Percent Following Very Closely' 
How Audiences Rate Press Coverage Week of February 19 
Before recent tensions, many in India expressed concern about Pakistan, Kashmir and terrorism 
Republicans Adiffer over government's rille in making sure all Americans have health care coverage % of Republicans and Republican leaners who say Approve of 2010 health care law Govt respo insible for ensuring America ns have coverage 
Comparing News Interest and News Coverage News Interest News Coverage Gays in the military 
What Public Has Heard About 
More than hhlf of married people say shared housework is key to a successful marriage % of married adults who say 
Luxembourg households U.S., in all income tiers earn more than those in U.S., other Western European countries Median disposable household income in2010, by income tier Middle income Upper income  
News Interest vs. News Coverage September 16-21 Situation in Iraq 25 
Japanese favor increasing sanctions against North Korea Which is the better option for dealing with Nor th Korea's nuclear program? 
Hig hest Economic Pessimism ofBush s Tenure 
Broadcast Revenues at Major Local TV Media Companies % of change of2014 third quarter vs. 2013 Media General 
Majority of parents say their child 11 or younger watches videos on YouTube 
Most liberal Democrats see policies aimed at reducing climate change effects as positive for environment 
Changing Reactions to a Gay Child Ifyou had a child who told you he or she was gay or lesbian, what would your reaction be? 
Support for Free Markets in Europe Italy 
Publics in Latin America, Africa Most Likely to Say Wealthy Are Too Powerful 
In the summer, more Europeans approved of their own country’s handling of COVID-19 than of EU’s 
Erdogan Favorability Falling Favorable views of Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan 
Private college grads exceed public college grads in borrowing 
Lower-income households most likely to say federal aid package will help them 
More worry than optimism about potential developments in automation % of USS adults who say they are enthusiastic or worried about 
News Interest vs News Coverage California fires Situation in Iraq 12 
Favor Allo wing 
Government restrictions on religion, by region Median scores on the Government Restrictions Index Middle East North Africa 
Cellphone Ownership, 2004-2013 Percentage of American adults who own a cell phone 
Is College Worth It? 
Black-white high school completion gap narrows; Hispanics lag behind % of USS adults ages 25 and older who have a high school diploma 
Partisan Divide on Economic Ratings Percent rating the economy as exce Illent or good 
News the Public is Hearing About IAA lot 
Americans who are more familiar with gene editing are more inclined to anticipate positive as well as negative effects from widespread use of gene editing 
Measuring News Interest Which one story did you Percent following each 
Most expect bickering and opposition between the two parties to increase Do you think Republicans and Democrats in Washington will more than usual? (%) 
Credit: Kaiser Family Foundation Health Tracking Poll, Sept. 12-18 
Most Americans say the 'typical American' is patriotic, intelligent - and selfish 
Democratic Leaders Face Increasing Disapproval 
As partisan divides orever political values widen, other gaps remain more modest Average gap in the share taking a conservative position across 10 political values, by key demographics 
Measuring News Interest Week of Jan 21-27 Percent who followed this story very closely Percent who named story as their most closely followed 
Does the Islamic religion encourage violence more than fother religions? % who say the Islamicreligion is 
Those Who Feel Their Side Is 'Losing' at Politics Are More Likely to be Angry at Government 
Figure 3 Will Your Children Be Better Off than themselves) 
Trust of News Sources 
Since 2001, decline in the share saying legal immigration should be decreased % should who say be that legal immigration into the United States 
News Coverage vs News Interest Health care reform 66 
News Interest vs News Coverage Week of May 21 Gas prices 27 Situation in Iraq 23 
The Shifting Origins of Refugees to the U.S. Over Time Number of refugees admitted to the U.S., by region oforigin and fiscal year 1975 Refugee Indochina Migration and 2004 50% of overall admitted Refugee Ass refugees Istance Act results Vietnam in Refugee increased refugees from Vietnam  
Most say Democratic Party cares about middle class; GOP seen as too extreme % saying each describes Repobitiony.pencorricarin 
Views of Putin, Netanyahu and Merkel % who have a  
News Interest % following eech story very closely 
Short-term residents decline and long-term residents rise as share of U.S unauthorized immigrants %ofadult unauthorized immigrants, by duration ofU.S. residence 
New Zealand mostly has low levels of religion-related social hostilities Social Hostilities Index median scores 
Public split on whether making it harder to own guns would cut mass shootings 
Most Are Concerned about Islamic Extremism Unconcerned Concerned 
Change the Imperial House hold Act to Allow Females to Succeed to the Imperial Throne ? 
What's Best for Children? 
Prior to Pulwama attack, there was great concern over Pakistan. 
Majorities of multiracial adults saw themselves as more open to and understanding of other cultures, races 
Americans are more accepting of using personal data to help improve schools or assess potential terrorist threats, but are more wary of some other data uses 
Democrats' campaign interest on par with 2008; GOP voters more focused % of fregistered voters who have given a lot of thought to of candidates, fregistered among of 2015-2016 Democrat/Lean Dem Re publican/Lean Rep 
Among all internet users, the % who thought the following environments online were more welcoming to men, more welcoming to women, or equally welcoming to both 
U.S. Hispanic Population in 2012 
Most Americans Say Science and Religion Conflict, But Fewer Say Their Own Beliefs Conflict With Science 
Downward Trend in Pena Nieto Favorability Views of Enrique Pena Nieto 
Millennials make up a larger share among Latino eligible voters than other groups in 2016 % projected among eligible voters 
Employee tenure of college-educated Employee young adults has increased % of 25- to 35-year-old workers by length of employment with current employer High school diploma 
Where Do You National Get Most of your Where News About You National and International Issues? 82 80 
Military Political Seen More Positively than Military Political Parties in Egypt Positively 
Teen Employment Has Fallen in Recent Decades Share of16 to 19-year-olds who are employed 
Majority of Americans say higher education is going in wrong direction 
Americans prioritize right to keep certain personal information from being searchable online 
Russians Unaccepting of Homosexuality and Extramarital Affairs % believe that is morally acceptable, morally unacceptable, or not a moral issue  
Republican support for increased defense spending from Europe has waned since 2017 who say American allies in Europe should increase their spending on national defense 
News Coverage News Interest 
India and Iran have highest shares of OPT employees with STEM degrees % of STEM OPT employment by country of origin, 2012-2015  
Using cell phones to get more information about televised content %of cell owners in each age group who have used their phone in the preceding 30 days to 80% 
Bush Approval Varying in a Narrow Range 
An estimated 800.000 to 1.2 million unauthorized immigrants lived in the United Kingdom in 2017 
Internet Influence Seen as Positive in Emerging and Developing Nations; Morality an Exception 
Widening generational divide over gay marriage among white evangelicals % of white llesbians evangelical Protestants who favor allowing gays and llesbians evangelical to marry legally 
Public split stover muse of pre-emptive force against nations that threaten U.S. % who say using militaryforce against countries that may seriously say using justified threaten militaryforce the U.S., against but have not attacked it, Never Rarely Sometimes Often DK Source Survey ofU.S. adults conducted Oct. 25-30, 2017.  
Most in Taiwan identify as Taiwanese, but there are large partisan differences 
Slim Majority Supports Marijuana Legalization % saying the use of marijuana should be 
WinMX, BearShare and Grokster Applica tion Usage Source: comScore Media Metrix 
Germans more likely to see the U.S. as an important partner than Americans are to see Germany as one 
How much of a threat do Iraqi and Syrian refugees pose to the U.S.? Large number ofrefugees well-being leaving countries such as Iraq and Syria is a to the well-being ofthe U.S. (%) Major threat Minor threat Not a threat 
Consumer attitudes & awareness of VolP 40 
Iran's Egyptand Stature Falling in Egyptand Jordan Falling % Favorable 
News Interest vs. News Coverage 2008 Campaign 20 
Views of Economic News Turn More Negative Mix of good and bad news 
Marriage somewhat less common in urban counties 
44% of teens often check their phone as soon as they wake up 
Partisan changes in views of U.S. global role - but divide remains large role as a world leader (%) 
For more than a decade, economic evaluations have had a partisan cast % who rate national economic conditions as Excellent/Good Rep/Lean Rep 
GOP Voters Now Prefer 'New Ideas' to Experience; Democrats are Divided 
News Interest February vs News Coverage 
Among Working Parents, Fathers More Conflicted About Time Spent with Kids 
Somalia 's global diaspora Total number of Somali migrants living outside of Somalia in 2015, in thousands Finland 10 
Obama's with Bush's, Job Clinton Rating Compared with Bush's, Clinton Rating Compared s 
No partisan gap in anger at government % saying anger bestdescribes theirfeelings toward the federalgovernment... 
Disabled Americans had somewhat higher interest in 2016 election due to large share of elderly 
Views on Childhood Vaccinations, by Key Demographics % of U.S. adults who say parents should be able to decide not to vaccinate their children or that all children should be required to be vaccinated 
FIGURE4 Latinos Lean Democratic in Midterms % Republican ofeach group who reported 'voting Democratic or Republican ofeach group in their congr reported essional 'voting districtrace this year 
Foreign policy experts more pessimistic about Trump than the general public relations Over the next between 12 months, No confidence thing in Trump to do relations between months, the U.S. and  
News Interest vs. News Coverage Gill St Chrysler 19 Holocaust museum 12 
One device what is it? Among those who only own one device, the % who said lthey owned each of the following 100%  
How Concerned Are You About the Future of Muslims in Your Country? Very concerned Somewhat concerned 
Just 49% Expect a Better Year Ahead 2015 will be better or worse than 2014? (%) 
Partisans move further apart on whether government needs structural change 
Voter satisfaction with presidential candidates at lowest level in decades % of registered voters who are very/fairly satisfied with the presidential candidates 
Most teachers give students modest ratings of good' or 'fair' when it comes to specific research skills Overall, how would you rate your students on each of the following?  
Americans and Germans differ over importance of U.S. military bases in Germany to national security % who think U.S. military bases in Germany are national security States currently operates several military bases in Germany with approximately 35 000 
Majorities in Latin America oppose proposed U.S-Mexico border wall Do you approve or disapprove of President Donald Trump's you approve proposal to disapprove build a wall of on the border between Trump's the U.S. andMexico? proposal 
Only about one-in-five Trump and Biden supporters say they share the same core American values and goals % ofregistered voters who say 
Overall views of tax law little changed; fewer Republicans ‘strongly approve’ 
Puerto Rico's population has shrunk since 2000 Population change (%) 10.2% 
Age differences among Republicans on legal status for those brought to the U.S. illegally as children % who granting permanent legalstatus illegally to immigrants children who came to the U.S. illegally when they immigrants were children substantially expanding the wall along the 
More green cards go to residents who adjust their status than to new arrivals Per fiscal year 
A table showing that as COVID-19 spread, concerns about infectious diseases rose 
Isolationism vs. Engagement 
Indians quite concerned about China China's isa very/ 'somewhat serious problem 
Increased Offshore Drilling Support for More Increased Offshore Drilling Support 
Favorability Ratings for the Obamas Barack Obama Michelle Obama 
Online dating and finding a partner through these platforms are more common among adults who are younger, lesbian, gay or bisexual or college graduates 
Most black and Asian adults talk about race at least sometimes with family and friends 
Conservative Republicans feel scoldly toward professors; liberal Democrats are sivery warm % who rate college (warmestrating) professors on a feeling thermometer from 0 (coldest rating) to 100 college (warmestrating) Very cold Somewhat cold Neutra Somewhat warm Very warm 
Change of opinion about U.S. Role in solving global problems 
Businesses Owned by Women, Minorities Lag in Share of Revenue 
Student enrollment at majority-minority public schools 
Decline in share of Republicans concerned that corporations, wealthy people don't pay ffair share % who say they are bothered a lot by the feeling that some 
Fighting Has Limited Impact on Views of Prospects for Two-State Solution 
Americans who worship regularly say their services have moved online 
Views of Jobs Improving, but Most Still Say ‘Difficult to Find’ 
News Interest vs. News Coverage April 28 May 4 Coverage 
Most Russians have confidence in Putin and think their country has gained stature on the world stage in Putin to do 
More Americans View Assisted Suicide as Morally Acceptable Regardless of wwether you think it should be legal, please tell me whether you personally believe that, in general, doctor assisted 
9% of black college students were enrolled at an HBCU in 2015 degree were college enrolled university ata historically black college or university infall semester 1980 1990 2000 2010 2015 Note: Congress defines historically black colleges Congress and universities as degree- granting 1964 with the principal missionof prior 
GOP voters say life in U.S. has gotten worse for people like them 
Nearly 6-in-10 Americans worn out by the amount of election coverage 
Younger adults follow George Floyd protests at similar rates as older adults but follow COVID-19, election less 
U.S. adults who say they are neither religious nor spiritual tend to reject New Age beliefs Be been in reincarnation Be lieve in Believe astrology in NET Believe in at least one spiritual. 
Nine-in-ten U.S. Muslims proud to be American I am proud to be an American' Disagree DK In past year, has someone expr ressed 
In U.S., demographic differences on views of NAFTA has The been North good American thing Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA, has been a good thing for the U.S. Agreement, 
Arrests, prosecutions for immigration offenses surged in U.S in 2018 Number offederal criminal arrests and suspects prosecuted for immigration offenses, by fiscal year 
Few say current military effort in Iraq and Syria is going well % who say USS military Syria campaign againstIslamic militants say in Iraq military and Syria campaign lisgoing againstIslamic 
No Improvement in Public Perceptions of Economic News 
Mix of good and bad news 
News Interest Vs. News Coverage 
Most Want Online News With No Particular Point of View Have a political point of view 
Views of military force and terrorism % who say Relying too much on force creates hatred, more terrorism 
Political and age divides over whether the free market alone can increase use of renewable energy sources % of U.S. adults who say The private marketplace will ensure that businesses and consumers rely more on renewab le energy sources, even without gove rmment tregulations Gove rnment regulatio ns are necessary to encoura ge businesses and cons umers to rely more on rene wable energy sources  
Workers use social media at work for many reasons; taking a mental break is one of the most common % of workers who sever use social media platforms to 
White Republicans and Democrats far apart in views of discrimination against racial and ethnic groups 
Puzzle and strategy games are among the most popular types of video games % saying they typically play each typeof game, among adults who play video games often or sometimes  
Americans have different views of the ideal employment situation for mothers and fathers 
Public remains split over preferred size and scope of government % who say they would rather have 
Three quarters of Facebook users and half of Instagram users muse each site daily Among the users of each social networking site, % who use these sites 
Most Continue to Say They Are Living Falling Behind the Say Cost They of Living Family income relative to the cost of living 
Lack of connections is viewed as major obstacle to employment is a very importantreason why many people in our country do not havejobs 
Post-election partisan shift in views of risks of increased presidential power 
Roughly three-quarters of Facebook users visit the site on a daily basis 
Public's News Interests: VA Scandal, Iraq Violence, IRS Emails % following each story very closely PRR losing emails 
Sharp differences across EU over whether immigrants make countries stronger Immigrants today make our country stronger because their work and talents OR immigrants today are a burden on our country because they take our jjobs and 
Majority of Americans say they have confidence in the military Have confidence in to act in the bestinterests of the 
Public especially concerned about germline editing % of U.S. adults who say gene editing giving healthy babies acceptable a much reduced risk of serious diseases would be more acceptable, less acceptable or make no difference  
Voter Turnout Rates by Age in Presidential Elections, 1988 2012 
Obama's Early Second Similar --Term Bush's Obama's Approval Early Track Similar to Bush's Presidential job approval following reelection... 
Consensus that China plays a bigger role in the world today 
Obama's Job Rating: Better than Bush's, Worse than Clinton's %job approvalrating 
Many in Venezuela view Nicolas Maduro and his political opponents negatively 
Religious Affiliation of Indian Americans 
63% say treatment of minorities is very important to their vote for president 
News Interest vs. News Coverage 
Internet use more common in wealthier countries Adults who use the internetatleast occasionally or report owning a smartphone Canada Australia Sweden Netherlands South Korea Sweden Netherlands 
Most of Now Nuclear Oppose the Increased Use of Nuclear Oppose Power 
What Americans Are Hearing About the Economy 
Democrats on a possible Trump presidency: Most say he would be 'terrible' % of Democratic and president Democratic -leaning registered voters who say each 
Americans are divided about media coverage of protests these days % of U.S. adults who say news organizations give the compared with recent years 
Most seniors say they need help using new electronic devices % of USS adults who say the statement, When Igeta it up or show me how to use it, describes them vvery or somewhat well, by age 
Japanese more likely than Chinese to say U.S. rille on world stage has declined Do you think the USS plays a more important and powerfulrole as world leader compared to 10 plays years ago, a less important role or about as important  
White Democrats, those with college degrees more likely to describe their views as liberal % ofDemocratic and Democratic-leaning registered voters who describe their political views as liberal 
Figure 1 Latinos More Satisfied than Last Year With Finances, Country's Direction (%))  
U.S. public sees stronger conflict between partisans than other groups 
Fewer Americans see a need for European allies to increase national defense spending, but Germans are divided between increasing or maintaining budgets spending on national defense? Should Germany  
Generation gap in Obama job approval among the widest of his presidency % who approve of Obamassjob performance 
Partisan Differences in Concerns over Islamic Extremism 
How Different Spending Priorities Match Up Pew Research Center, March 31 April 6 If you were setting priorities these days would you place a education system more energy to develop technology new  
Measuring News Interest Week of June 24-29 
Very Percent Closely Following Comparable Election with News 08 
Most Hispanics say speaking Spanish not necessary to be considered Hispanic % of U.S. Hispanics saying itis /is not necessary for a person to speak Spanish to be considered necessary Hispanic/Latino 
Will There Be Health Care Reform? 
Ame rica's Supe rpower Status Keep U.S. as only military superpower OK if another country became as powerful 
What Entertainment) Public Figures, If Any, First Come to Mind Who Are Gay or Lesbian? Percent of general public respondents naming... Ellen De Generes Jason Collins 
Midte rm Election Poll Accuracy (Gallup & Pew election weekend LV estimates) 
High Levels of Concern about Islamic Extremism in Most Countries about Islamic extremism in our country? Areyou 
Three-quarters say they’re comfortable going to the grocery store; few comfortable attending a party 
Young, Educated, Affli uent Most Likely to Watch Online News Video % US Adults  
Publics around the world approve of trade but are skeptical of its benefits 
High favorable ratings for various groups in Jordan and Lebanon; splits arise in other nations 
Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat Used Most Often by American Teens 
Most do not expect war in Syria to end in 2018 Do you think that the war in Syria will end in the next year, end in the nextfive years or continue for more than five years?  
Bush Approval am ong E vangelicals 
Gray divorce more likely among those who have been married multiple times or for fewer years Number of persons ages 50 and folder who divorced per marriages and duration of last marriage 1st marriage 
U.S. vs. China % of Indians saying 
More Women Marrying Down' % ofcurrently married couples 
Higher Obama's 2nd Term Approval George W. Rating Runs Higher than that of George W. Rating Bush 
Americans give China, Italy low ratings for coronavirus response 
U.S Favorability on the Rebound F avorable 
News Interest vs. News Coverage March 17-23 
Women see advantages to female political leadership 
In Asia-Pacific, lack of confidence in Xi and Kim 
News Interest vs News Coverage Economy 21 Health care reform 21 
State Restrictions and Views about Legal Abortion 
Public has intense views more negative than positive about Trump's decision making on tax policy % who say they are thateach can make wise decisions about tax policy Very confid ent Somewhat confid ent Not too confident Not at all co nnid lent 
In Reversal from Iraq War, Young Adults Less Supportive of ISIS Campaign 
Colbert Report Audience 
Percent Presidential Voting Candidate: for Democratic Presidential Voting Candidate: 1972-2008 Women 54 54 
Confidence in Global Leadership 
Economic Ratings Plummet in Brazil Current economic situation is 
FIGURE3 Share of Long-Term Unauthorized Immigrants Surpasses Share of Short-Term Immigrants % of unauthorized adult immigrants, by duration of U.S. residence 
Internet Has Most Positive Influence on Education, Least Positive on Morality 
Republicans. Democrats differ widely on whether legal gun access spurs violence obtain guns contributes to gun violence a great deal a fair amount Not too much Not at all 
Declining Support For 
PewResearchCenter The Washington Post The federal budget deficit is country a major problem budget that the 
Nearly half or more expect these changes will come to the within 50 years % of USS adults who say each of the following will happen or will not happen in the next 50 years 
Most Americans Believe It Is Acceptable to Monitor Others, Except U.S. Citizens % ofus adults who say it is acceptable or unacceptable communications from governmentto 
Do you own a game console, like an Xbox or Play Station? 70% 
Americans Following Typhoon Aftermath Less than Some Other Major Disasters % following each story very closely Haiti earthquake Jan '10 
Employmentpopulation ratios by race and ethnicity Persons ages 16 and older; seasonally adjusted 70% 
Number of unauthorized immigrants in U.S. workforce ticks down In millions 
Iraq Interest fand Coverage % Followed most closely % of news coverage 
Brazilian public is skeptical about political future Political instability will inthe next five years 
Hispanic and lower-income tech users are especially worried about paying home broadband, cellphone bills 
Majority Think Enhancing Their Privacy Protections Would Be Difficult 
Republicans More Optimistic that 2014 Will Be Better Election for Party 
Younger adults less likely than older people to say COVID-19 is primarily a major threat to their health 
How much do you care that only you and those you authorize should have access to this information 
More Hispanics than Americans overall view COVID-19 outbreak as a major threat to health and personal finances % of adults who say the coronavirus outbreak is a Health of U.S. population as a whole Day-to-day life in their local community 
Republicans prefer that Trump Ilisten smore' to those in GOP with experience % of Republicans and Republican Republicans leaners who say Donald experience of Republicans Trump working should Republican to Republicans who say have 
Puerto Rico Lost More Migrants to Mainland Since 2010 Than During 1980s or 1990s 
U.S. Public Views of Labor Unions, 1985-2013 Percent with favorable view of labor unions 
When Bush Took Office in 2001 Lose influence Gain influence Republican 
Roughly one-in-four rural residents say access to high-speed internet is a major problem in their area 
Netanyahu viewed extremely poorly Views of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin.Netanyahu 
Across educational groups, Republicans give colleges & universities low ratings % who say colleges and universities have a positive effect on the way things are going in the country  
Most See Mix of Economic News Mix of good and bad 
Fewer Republicans Say They Agree with the Tea Party Percent among Republicans and Republican leaners agreeing or disagreeing with the Tea Party 
United Methodists in U.S. have become more accepting of homosexuality 
Democrats hold voter registration advantage among Florida Hispanics 
U.S. and most Asia-Pacific publics have negative views of North Korea Views of North Korea 
Divided Views of Gov't Aid to Poor 
This fall, border apprehensions have spiked compared with past years 
Democratic voters are positive about the 2020 field, divided in preferences for the nomination  
Worried about Potential U.S. Military Threat 
Blacks in Macon and Hispanics in Denver More Likely than Whites to Follow and Discuss Local Crime % ofresidents who very closely follow local crime % ofresidents who often discuss local crime 
Increasing Support for Renewed U.S. Ties With Cuba % saying they approve, /favor 
A majority of Americans say people are rich because they have had more ‘advantages in life’; fewer say it’s because they have worked harder than others 
Voters Paying Less Attention to Presidential Race Than Eight Years Ago in 2016 
Families that share political views are more open to talking about politics 
Buddhist share of world's population the to decrease by 2060 population % ofglobal population, 2015 to 2060 Christians 
Democrats lead on several issues; public is divided on which party can better handle economy, deficit Which party could do a betterjob dealing with (%)?  
Prominent senators in both parties drive relationship between ideology and Facebook followers USS Senate by estimated ideology and number of Facebook followers Warren 
Americans view certain professions as being at greater risk of automation than others % of U.S. adults who thinkit is likely that the following jobs will be replaced by robots or computers in their lifetimes 
Voter turnout rates in presidential elections, by generation % of eligible voters who say they voted 
Divides on Immigration Executive Action Obama executive action that expands number of undocumented immigrants allowed to stay & work 
Declining concerns in U.S. about economic threats Declining from China, but rising worries about cyberattacks is a very serious problem for the United States 
Most say 2016 campaign has not focused on important policy debates 
Youth from 2008 Engagement Down Sharply from 2008 Engagement Given Quite a Lotof Thought to Election Following Campaign News Very Closely Definitely Plan to Vote This Year 
Growth of master's degree holders who stayed and worked in U.S. under OPT slowed considerably in 2017 
Half of the British Now Want to Remain in the EU 
the better ratings than Obama at end of his tenure Among Israelis 
Neg ative Characteristics Associated with Muslims (Non-Mus lim Respondents) Positive Characteristics Ass ociated with Muslims 
Many say U.S. and Russia are more influential today than 10 years ago plays a more importantrole in the Middle East today compared with 10 years ago 
Three-quarters of Latinos say more COVID-19 economic aid will be needed 
China But Also Policy: Strengthen Get Tough Relations on Trade, But Also Policy: Strengthen Tough Relations Trade, overy important Somewhat Not too/atall  
Figure 3 Hispanics Hold More Negative View of Personal Finances Question: How would you rate your own personal financial. situation? (96) 
Older adults, conservative Republicans most likely to say U.S. is top nation Statement that bestdescribes opinion of the US (%, U.S sta nds a bove all other countries in the world US one of greatest countries along with others There are other co untries that a re better than U.S  
% ever married in 2014 % married when they were 18-33 
Three-quarters of Americans think it is acceptable for personal information to be made available to infectious disease researchers 
A majority of parents check their teen's web history or social media profile, while fiwer muse tech-based parental controls Among parents of teens ages 13 to 17, the % who have ever 
Many Americans are confident that private space companies will be profitable but skeptical they will keep space clean of debris 
What would a future with radical life extension look like? % of U.S adults who agree/ disagree with each statement Everybody should be able 
Percent following each 
News Interest vs. News Coverage News Interest Economy 
Majority of Americans say social media negatively affect the way things are going in the country today 
About one-in-ten Americans would be angry or scared if they saw a drone near home % of U.S. adults who say they would feel ifthey saw a drone flying close to where they live 
A 58% majority says Trump definitely or probably has done things that are ‘grounds for impeachment’ 
Across Middle East and North Africa, overwhelming majorities see ISIS as top threat is a major threat to our country 
War in Iraq to Remove Saddam Made the World I a safer place More dangerous US 
Americans and Germans have similar concerns about global threats. 
Three-in-Four See Occasional Terrorism as Part of Life in Future (Agree/Disagree) be oflife Occasionalacts the of terrorism in the (Agree/Disagree) U.S. will be part oflife Occasionalacts in the future of 
Median Age of The Daily Show Viewers 
One-in-five Americans have heard of the debate over the legality of home-sharing services and both users and nonusers strongly support the legality of these services; they also feel (if less strongly) that homeowners using these services should not have to pay taxes in order to use them 
As Partisan Democratic Gap Closes Criticisms Rise, Partisan Gap Closes Percent saying news storiesare often inaccurate 
Among U.S. adults on Twitter, tweeting about national politics is tied to higher levels of political activity  
Half or more of conservative Republicans say scientists' career interests and political leanings infl uence their research findings most of the time % of USS adults ineach group who say research findingsfrom climate scientists are influenced by each of these 
Thanksgiving who gives thanks 
Banning Muslim Head Scarves 
Hispanics' Support for Affordable Care Act Has Support Eroded Percent who approve 
How to U.S Handle Illegally? Immigrants Living 
The Value of Facebook 50% 
Do You Consider Yourse If... National enizen first Muslimffret 81 46 
Labor force participation retases in 1992, 2002, 2012, and projected 2022, by age Percent 90 
6-21-2013. 4 
Few in European Union nations say the EU is the world's leading economic power the leading which one of the following do you think is the world's leading economic power? 
Majority of Americans say stricter environmental laws are 'worth the cost % ofU.S adults who say 
Unemployment vs. Reagan Disapproval Disapprove Nationa Unemployment Rate 
Reasons for Joblessness Shift as Economy Recovers Reason for unemployment as % of total unemployed in January 2015, seasonally adjusted 
Gender Gap in Intensity of Potential Democratic Support for Clinton 
Older Republicans are particularly likely to say fathers shouldn't be alle to take paternity leave % able saying fathers should paid NOT unpaid, be able to take leave, paid adoption or unpaid, following birth or paid adoption unpaid, of child Ages 18-29 30-49 50-64 65+  
Nearly half of liberal Democrats say Trump support would strain a friendship % of Democrats, friend /Democratic llaaners who say it would ifa friend voted for Donald Trump  
In the U.S. and much of Europe, negative views of Iran are most common 
Desktop vs laptop ownership over time -Desktop computer Laptop computer 
watchdog role than at any point since 1985 
Republicans' trust in the federal government has increased since the beginning of Trump 's term in office % who say they trust the federal government to do what is right just about always/most of the time JFK Johnson Carter Reagan Eisenhower 
Recent activity flags have both false positives and false negatives 
Long c-run Gender Difference in Living at Home % living at home of parent(s) 
Technology emerging usage rates increasing in Technology emerging economies. but still lag emerging behind rich countries Adult internet users* Adults owning who report owning a smartphone 
Most Dreamers' enrolled in DACA are ages 25 and younger % of currentdaca enrollees Sex Under 16 <0.5 
Jews, Hindus, Muslims most likely to Jews, live experience in Hindus, countries where their groups likely experience harassment % of each religious group's population living in countries where harassment population of their group occurred in 2015  
Most social media users in sub-Saharan Africa post about entertainment, not religion or politics. 
Declining Share of Americans Express Absolutely Certain Believe in God 
U.S. political leaders have a sizable following among U.S. adults on Twitter 
Majority of European students learn English in school; some in U.S. study Spanish 
the Clinton voters feel about giving Trump a chance' % of Clinton voters who say Trump a chance myself because giving Willing to give Trump of kind of person he has chance to see how shown himself to be he governs 
Nicotine, flavoring-only cartridges popular among older students who vape % ofU.S students who said they vaped the the last 30 days, 2018 
Hispanic Immigrants See Major Impact of Library Closings on Their Families and Their Communities More Than Others 
Liberal Dems, conservative Reps more likely to get one-sided news from family and friends online % of online news consumers who say the snews they get from family and friends online representsjust one side but conservative Republicans are most likely to think that's OK of those online from news consumers side, who say they mostly only see news from one side, % of who say that's OK  
Tea Inclined Party Toward Republicans Compromise Not Inclined Party Toward Republicans Compromise 
Measuring News Interest Percent following each 
Social-Media-Using Parents Use Facebook and Linkedin More Often and Instagram Less Often Than Non-Parents Among users of each respective social media platform, the % of parents vs. non-parents who use the site with the following frequencies... 
Sharp differences on longevity of marriages by race, ethnicity Probability that afrst marriage willsurvive among women 
More Americans name the U.S. as the world's leading economic power than China % who say is the world's leading economic power 
Anger and Voting Optimism Drive Democratic Anger Voting Enthusiasm 
Most Say U.S. Has Mostly Failed to Achieve Goals in Afghanistan In achieving its goals in Afghanistan, the USS. 
Women are now significantly more likely to be college-educated than men % of25- to 64-year- olds completing a bachelor's degree or more 
Whites generally more likely than blacks to have a positive view of race relations % who say race relations in the US are generally good Obama s first term 
News Interest vs. News Coverage News Interest 2012 elections 
Global views of Trump's characteristics % saying they think of President Donald Trump as Arroga nt 
More privacy and reputation management on social networking sites %of social networking site users who have taken these steps on their profile 56% 
Clinton, Trump supporters deeply divided in beliefs about climate change % of fregistered voters saying climate change is mostly due to human is getting warmer  
Mixe d Ratings on Aspects of Campaign Coverage How has the press 
the Military World Force 
One-in-Four Catholics Have Gone Through a Divorce; More Than Four-in-Ten Have Lived With a Romantic Partner % of each group who say they have ever been divorced: 25% 
Individual Mandate Known; Subsidies, Exchanges Less So 
Puerto Rico's Losses Accelerate Net migration between Puerto Rico and the USS '05 'O6 1990 '08 '09 '10 '11 '12 '13 114 10 Note: For 2014 totals don't include children under 1 year 
Solid Liberals, Core Conservatives highly focused on control of Congress in 2018 which party wins control of  
Believing essential' in God, loving Prophet Muhammad Muslim widely Believing seen as a essential' to what it means to be Muslim % who say is 'essential' to what being Muslim means to them 
How Presidential Contenders Announce Their Candidacies 
Rate of Firearm Deaths, 1993-2010 Per 100,000 people All firearm deaths 
In Mexico, steep drops in U.S. favorability and confidence in U.S. president Among Mexicans 
Chinese Embrace Free Markets and Modern Life Agree 
Measuring News Interest Percent following each 
Stories with Trump tweets more likely to have negative assessment of Trump/ administration % ofTrump administration stories that had an overall 
In the U .S., Hindus have the most years of the schooling .S., Hindus Average years of formal schooling, by religion Hindus 15.7 years  
Republicans differ over government's rille in ensuring Americans have home broadband % of U.S. adults who say they agree with each statement, by annual household income  
2014 Partisan Advantages by Year of Birth Among general public MORE DEMOCRA TIC/ MORE REPUBLICAN/ DEMOCRA TIC LEANING REPUBLICAN LEANING BIRTH +30 
Millennials widely view Obama as one of the best presidents; more Boomers and Silents name Reagan than other presidents 
Projects to help a person in need – often a friend or family member – are the most popular use of crowdfunding platforms 
News Coverage vs. News Interest News Interest Japan disaster 
Share of primary schools with law enforcement present has grown much faster than that of secondary schools % of USS public schools with any sworn law enforcement officers present at least once a week 
Trump job approval closely linked to attitudes about racial advantages Trump % who say is handling they approve his job president of the way Donald Trump is handling his job as president advantages -in society that black people do not have Among Republicans and Republican leaners advantages -in society that black people do not have 
Undocumented Immigrants in U.S. Who Meet Certain Requirements … 
Americans' Views of NSA Surveillance 
Parents More Likely to Be Friends With Their Own Parents and Neighbors Among Facebook users, the % ofparent vs. non- parents who say they arefriends with the following types of people... 
Figure 1 and the Number of Hispanic Voters in Off-year Elections 
In April, most Republican defectors strongly disapproved of Trump % who ofthe way Donald Trump is handling his job as President Stro ingly Not strongly Not strongly Strongly Among Dem/Lean Dem in Dec 2015  
Print-only newspaper readers more likely to watch local TV news 
How Many Reach Their 25th Anniversary? 
More People are Leaving Puerto Rico for Mainland U.S. than Arriving 
Americans and Germans diverge sharply in their views of bilateral relations Relations today between the USS and Germany are 
% of members with previous military service 
People more closely follow national, local news than international news Regional medians saying they closely follow each type of news 
Republicans and Older Americans More Negative toward China 
Figure 4: Government should Figure guarantee food and she Itter 
Among blacks, those who ve attended college are more likely to say they've experienced racial discrimination % experienced of blacks saying they have fever personally lunfairly experienced because of their race or ethnicity % of blacks saying each of thefollowing happened to  
Modest Partisan Gap in % who representative do not wantto reelected see their % own who representative do not wantto reelected see their 
Twitter usage over time 
Gun Views Remain Divided More important to Control gun ownership 
Americans are more likely to read for the purpose of researching a specific topic or interest than five years ago % of USS adults who ever read 
Americans still see their country as the world's leading economy but this is down since March % who say is the world's leading economic power 
Non-Hlispanics Figure 2 Immigration Enforcement Measures 
Growing Share Says Russia Is Serious Problem, But Not an Adversary Which comes closest to your view of Russia today? 
Most describe QAnon as a ‘conspiracy’ or ‘group’ while some mention ‘right-leaning’ or ‘child trafficking’ 
News Coverage vs. News Interest News Interest Ariz. shootings 
Unlike home-sharing ride-hailing, home-sharing varies ethnicity greatly by race, ethnicity % who have used  
About a third of young adults in the U.S are living with a parent % of18 to 34-year olds by living arrang ement 
For Hispanics and Asians, voter turnout rates of naturalized citizens higher than among U.S. born 
Support for same-sex marriage holds Support steady starter 2015 Supreme Court ruling % who allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally 
Jews, Hindus, Muslims most likely to Jews, live experience in Hindus, countries where their groups likely experience harassment % of each religious group's population living in countries where harassment population of their group occurred in 2015  
Those who trust others tend to be more approving of international organizations % who have favorableviews of among those who say, in general, most people 
Views of the United Nations Unfavorable Favorable Canada 
Latin Americans Embargo Express Strong Support for U.S. Restoring Relations with Cuba and Ending Trade Embargo Would Cuba, which you would the U.S. allow ending its trade embargo business against Overall, do you of the U.S. re- establishing diplomatic Cuba, which would companies allow ending U.S. companies embargo to do business against in  
Bill Clinton's Favorability Drops, Remains Higher Than George W. Bush's % who have a favorable opinion of George W. Bush 
Fewer say budget deficit affects personal finances % who say the federal budget deficit affects their household's 
Few express confidence that their records will remain private and secure % companies of adults who organizations expr ess varying levels of confidence that the records of their activity maintained by various companies and organizations will remain private and secure Very confident Somewhat confic lent Not too confident Not at all confid ent 
Majority of Russians see their nation as playing an increasingly important rilole in the world today Do you think Russia plays a more importantrole in the world today about compared to 10 years ago, world a less important did 
Bush Rally Smaller than Father's Buhh 
ULS Troops In Iraq 
Smartphone owners' preferred way of accessing the internet varies substantially by age 
Estimating the Size of the Multiracial Population 
Democrats Rate Party Their Better on Illegal Immigration 
Republicans and Democrats Adiffer on top foreign policy partners for the U.S is thefirst or second most important partner for Americanforeign policy 
Partisan differences in shares saying the are not bothered by immi grants who speak little or no English Among those who ofteny 'sometimes come into contact 
Most UN peacekeepers now from Africa, Asia % of all LUN peacekeeping forces who come from 6 N Americal Oceania Latin America 
Views of Supreme Court's School Prayer Ban, 1974-2012 Percent of Americans who approve/disapprove of the Supreme Court's ruling public that no state or local government may require the reading of the Lord's Prayer or Bible verses in public schools 
Party and education play significant role in views of U.S.-China economic ties. 
Percent Who See Themselves 
Federal agencies viewed favorably % saying they have a 
Public's View of America's Role as World Leader More important than 1 Q years ago Less important than 10 years ago 
Steps the govemment has inta ken since 9/11 have To prevent attacks like the one in Boston, there is.  
Continuing racial, age differences in views of health care law 
Health care costs, food prices rank highest in impact on household finances % who say each affects their household's financial situation  
a large minority majority of tweets come from a small large minority majority of tweeters Share ofall tweets from U.S. adult users created by 
Michelle Obama 5 Prominent Role 
Obama Independents Job Rating Rises among Independents Rating 
Public, Arizona Hispanics Immigration Law 
Among Filipinos, massive jump in support for strong economic relations with China at expense of being tough on territorial disputes is more important 
In countries with higher Human Development Index ratings, fewer describe their day as *particularly good' % saying today has been a particularly good day North America 
Russian Confidence in Putin at New High Confidence in Putin to do the rightthing regarding world 
Older adults, conservative Republicans most likely to say U.S. is top nation Statement that bestdescribes opinion of the US (%, U.S sta nds a bove all other countries in the world US one of greatest countries along with others There are other co untries that a re better than U.S  
Gun Politically Rights Proponents more Politically Rights Active Proponents organization position on gun policy 
Moderate levels of public trust in major technology companies 
About half say Trump has not taken risks from the coronavirus seriously enough; a majority says news media have exaggerated the risks 
Declining Bad Economic Number Hearing Mostly Declining Bad Economic News Hearing % hearing mostly bad economic news 
Historically low approval ratings for Trump's transition policies % who approve of job has done explaining their 
Millennials' ratings of news media, religious organizations decline has a positive today effect on the way % things who say things are going in this country today Millennials 
Student Debt Delinquency Rates 
U.S. Views on Legality of Abortion by Trimester Percent of U.S. adults who say abortion generally should be 
More than half in most European countries surveyed support encouraging highly skilled people to immigrate and work in their country. 
Post-9/11 veterans more likely than pre-9/11 veterans to say readjusting to civilian life was difficult 
Weighting corrects for oversampling weighting ofpoll respondents 25% 
People whose views were changed by social media place more importance on these sites for getting involved in issues 
Latino Vote in Key Senate Races, 2014 
Before Super Tuesday, Sanders was seen as receiving the best news coverage – and Biden the worst 
Measuring News Interest Percent following each Which one story closely'? did you 
Perceptions of Economic News 
Average Monthly Increase in Mexican- --oorn Population That Entered the U.S in 1990 for Later. 2004 to 2007 
Variahility in Horse Race Po Ils, 
Looking back: Biggest improvement to life in the past 50 years % ofus America adults who past said the bigg estimprovementto related life in America sover the past 50 years bigg or so was related to 
Data Differences on Minority Births % of people younger than age 1 who were in 2012 
Most Favor Renewed Diplomatic Relations With Cuba, End to Embargo 
Education, terrorism and the economy are top Latino priorities for 2017 % rating each a top priorityfor Trump and Congress in 2017  
Democrats differ by ideology on use of pre-emptive military force % who say using military force against countries that may seriously justified threaten the U.S., but have not attacked it, can  
Public support for same-sex marriage reaches snew milestone allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally Samesexmarriade 
New Favored, Background Prospects Check in Doubt Bill Favored, Background Prospects in Doubt Making subject private background gun sales checks & sales at gun shows Making subject private to background gun sales checks & sales If the failed Senate background checks bill is Like lihood this of significant newgun control laws  
Khan Still Popular, but His Support Has Waned 
2008 Will Be Total liken Women 
Those who say religion is very important are much more likely to say it plays a more important role than it did 20 years ago Compared to 20 years ago, religion has a more important role North America 
Declining Tougher Republican Support for Declining Tougher Environmental Republican Support Laws % regulations agree there to protect needs to the be stricter laws and % regulations agree there to protect needs to the be environment stricter laws Independent 
Business Internationally' they can on their own 
Married adults have a more positive view of how things are going in their relationship 
Gun owners more likely than non-gun owners to have contributed money to groups with position on gun policy % organization saying they have ever contributed position money to an organization they that takes a position on gun policy to rounding. Figures 
This decade will likely be the first in at least 160 years in which American households have more people Average number of people per household 
State Statening Local Gap in Governments Views of Federal,  
Small share of highly active Twitter users, majority of whom are Democrats, produce bulk of tweets from U.S adults For U.S. adults with public Twitter accounts 
Republicans more likely than Democrats to say U.S. stands above' other nations Statement that bestdescribes opinion of the USS (%) U.S sta nds : bove all other countries in the world U.S one of greatest countries along with others 
Job growth 2014-2024 by major occupational grouping, growth 2014-2024 by occupational Math Personal care and service Computer and information tech Community and social service Food preparation and serving 6.5 Installation, maintenance. repair 6. Building cleaning/ maintenance 6.2 Entertainment and sports 5. 9 Management 5.5  
Many users of online task platforms just looking to have fun or pass the time % ofgig platform following workers who use online job/task platforms. for the following reasons 
Wide partisan gap in views of seriousness of government shutdown % who say the government shutdown is a serious problem for the country 
Fewer Republican-leaning independents say Republican describes them well % who say each term describes them Very well Fairly well Not too well Not at all well Among Republicans Among Democratic leaners 
The shares of adults living in middle-income households fell in many countries in Western Europe % of adults living in middle- -income households in1991 and 2010 
Most say it's too eerly to tell whether Trump will be successful In the long run, will each be  
Views Lean Positive on Military, Negative on Media 
Is Iraq Another Vie stnam? Is Iraq 4 Civil War? Mostly a civil war Iraq willbe ano ther Vie tram 
More Americans continue to be *frustrated' with the government than fangry or basically content Feeling toward the federalgovernment (%) 
Black, Hispanic Americans more than white adults said they feel the need to stay tuned in to COVID-19 news 
Americans more open to cooperation with Germany than vice versa % of Americans/Germans who say in the future 100 % 
Views of Economic Conditions Excellent/Good 
Mothers and As Their Fathers Parents Not Doing Did As Well As Their Parents Doing Did 
Racial divide in views of how Obama will go down in history How do you think will go down inhistory as a president? (%) Outstanding Above avg Average Be low avg Poor 
the first time since 9/11, government's job rating on terrorism turns negative How wellis gout doing reducing threatof terrorism? (%, 
Most Venezuelans see government entities as a negative influence 
Americans are divided orever whether the science marches will help or make no difference to public support for science % of USS adults who say the protests, marches Aprilwill and public supportfor science  
Majority of black Democrats say Trump has made the economy worse 
Smartphone Ownership is Often Most Tenuous for Those Who Rely on Their Devices the Most % of smartphone owners in each group who have experienced the following 
Partisan Divide in U.S. Views of UN % Favorable of UN 
Solid Liberals, Core Conservatives highly focused on control of Congress in 2018 which party wins control of  
Most think it’s at least probable that Trump has acted illegally or unethically 
Is There a Conflict Between Being a Devout Muslim and Living in a Modern Society? 
French Views of Muslims, 2014-15 
Scientists closely divided sover the state of their field, outlook for new entrants % of AAAS working Ph.D. scientists who say thisis a for their scientificspeciality/to begina career in their specialty  
Democrats concerned their party will not do enough to oppose Trump % of Democrats ana Democratic leaners who are more concerned that Democrats in Congress will 
Democratic Voters Prefer a Candidate Who Compromises With Other Party 
Americans believe U.S. trade with Japan is a good thing 
Puerto Rico's population has fallen by more than 400, 000 since 2004 peak 2004: 3.8M 
has narrowed generations 
Share of Republicans saying border wall would reduce illegal immigration increases 
Gun Views Remain Divided More important to Control gun ownership 
Majority of Republicans now say the U.S. economic system is generally fair % who say the economic system in this country 
Many say they have heard nothing at all about the Freedom Caucus % who say they have heard or read aboutthe Freedom Caucus Among Rep/Lean Rep 
D.R. Congo aland Burma (Myanmar) are the countries for refugee arrivals during Trump administration Number of refugees entering the U.S. from Jan. 21 through June 30, 2017 Iran 897  
70 Years Ago, Most Americans Said They Would Have Used Atomic Bomb 
Public skeptical about whether GOP and Democratic senators will be fair during impeachment trial 
The Pew Research Center's quiz on library use was taken 15,000 times. 
High School Graduates Increasingly Diverse 
Share of GOP voters saying free trade agreements are good for the U.S. continues saying to fall % of voters saying free trade agreements have beena for the USS Republican-leaning Among Republican and Democraticcleaning Among Democratic and 
Most parents don’t think it’s acceptable for a child under the age of 12 to have their own smartphone 
Figure 1 Percent Change in Employment in the Recession Ethnicity and the Recovery, by Race and Ethnicity (fourth quarter of each year)  
The internet as a diversion 69% of all Americans are online economic users These are some of the things they do online to help them relax and take their minds off of the economy: 80% 
the Common, Measles Made Rare by Vaccine Reported US measles cases 
About a quarter say tax rates should be lowered on corporations, household incomes above $250,000  
Death penalty support by party % who favor death penalty among.. 
Changing Behaviors After NSA Revelations 
Share of liberal Democrats in the public has increased steadily since 2000 % who are Lib Dem/ 
Corrupt Officials, Pollution Are Top Concerns How big of a problem is, are Total 
Figure 3 Computer Ownership, and Internet Use, 2012 (% ofall adults saying they...) 
Broad public agreement on importance of many aspects of a strong democracy % who say each is strong democracy in the United States Congress and the courts 
Racial, ethnic public diversity has grown more quickly among U.S. public school students than teachers % of ethnicity USS public elementary and secondary by race and ethnicity public White 
Age and internet access 
Figure 1. Percent Residents, Natura lized Among Legal Figure Perma nent Residents, 1970- Among 2005 
Younger adults more likely to say COVID-19 has been made a smaller deal than it really is 
Germans Want Germans to Negotiate Trade Deals 
Measuring News Interest Week of April 28 -May 4 63 30 43 
Accuracy of telephone estimates has held steady among demographic subgroups Average absolute difference between weighted telephone survey estimates from 2012 and 2016 compared to federal benchmark estimate for the respective years 2012 All adults 
Views Return of Gun Control vs. Rights Return to Pre- Newtown Levels Rights 
Brazilians' Views of Their Country Wane Views of Brazil 
Public Prioritizes Development of Alternative Energy Sources More importantenergy priorityfor country (%) 
Profile of Indian internet users 
By 2100, half of babies born worldwide are expected to be born in Africa 
the in Latin America religious identity in Latin America % of the region's adult population raised in each each group 
National Priorities in Pakistan 
Share of Americans who see the federal budget deficit as a very big problem budget has fallen since 2018 very % who say the federal budget deficit is a vvery big problem in the country today 
U.S. demographic change begins with the youngest age groups 
Race aland Ethnicity by Generation, 2014 White Hispanic Asian Other Millennials (18-33) Ages shown are as of 2014 Members of the Silent generation were 69 to 86 in 2014. Since the Current Population Survey aggregates those ages 85 and older into one category, results for 69 to 84 year- 
Number of foreign students graduating American colleges and obtaining authorization graduating to work in the U.S. grows, especially among those in STEM fields Numberof OPT approvals from 2004-2016, in thousands 
Broad confidence in scientists to act in the public interest among all political groups of confidence in scientists 'medicalscientists to act in best interests of public % of U.S. adults who say they have 
Those Who Are Sure of Belief in God Are More Likely to Reject the Idea That Life Has No Purpose Do you agree or disagree with the following statement: 'In my opinion, life does not serve any purpose  
Most Republicans say it is possible to cut envi ronmental regulations and still protect air and water quality % of USS adults who say it is possible, /not possible to cut back on entroumentalregulations and still effectively  
U.S. adults who tweet about national politics more likely to say that most of the people they follow share their political views 
About six-in-ten women say the country hasn't gone far enough when it comes to gender equality % saying the country when it comes to giving women equalrights with mmen 
High Favorable Ratings for CDC, NASA, DOD; Mixed Ratings for IRS 
Roughly six-in-ten white Republicans say too much attention is paid to race these days % saying there is 
Views of Trump and Obama on the economy: More say Trump’s policies have had a positive impact, but fewer expect conditions to improve than did so in early 2012 
FIGURE1 Latinos as Spanish Use at Home Declines % of Latinos ages 5 and older who 
Undecided Voters Dislike Both 2012 Candidates Favorable Unfavorable Voters Who Support Democrat Voters Who Support Republican 
Democrats now about as likely to sympathize with Palestinians as Israel side do you sympathize with more? (%) Democrats 
More than a million asylum seekers in Europe are waiting for a decision on their applications Number of pending asylum applications, by month 
Republicans divided on whether their tax burden is the most Democrats say they pay right amount % who say they pay of taxes, considering whatthey getfrom the federa government  
Coups, once frequent, have become rarer in recent years Number of successful coups d'etat around the world, by decade  
The aging U.S. electorate: A majority of Republican voters - and half of Democrats - are 50 and older 
More in GOP Looking Forward to Elections 
Use of libraries drifts down, while muse of the websites levels off % of adults who in the past 12 months 
Biden supporters much more hopeful' than in June; Trump supporters turn less 'hopeful, more 'fearful' % of voters who say, in thinking about the state of the country these days, they feel 
Ideological Echo Chambers 
In most countries, young and old agree about democracy % who say democracy is preferable to any fother kind of government  
News Interest 
Trump 's ratings in Western Europe similar to those for Bush in 2008 Confidence in the USS president to do the right thing regarding world affairs 
In Germany, roughly a quarter regard U.S. positively Among Germans 
Are Problems % Who say Children will be worse off than parents 
Newspaper circulation falls to historic lows in 2018 Total circulation of U.S. daily newspapers Weekday 
Fewer Americans Confident They Have Enough for Retirement % saying that they ware that they will have enough income and assets they to last throug they houtretirement enough 
Moderate Dems Have Lukewarm View of Field 
Is a Nuclear-Armed Iran a Threat? Minor threat threat all Very/ somewhat threat No threat at all Very/ serious somewhat threat 
Targets of online harassment often name acquaintances. friends, family as perpetrators Among the 41% of US adults who have experienced online harassment, Among % who say was involved in their most experienced recentincident  
Most Dissatisfied 
U.S. Hispanic population reached nearly 61 million in 2019 In millions 
Many see U.S. as their country’s top ally 
Children of immigrants from the former Soviet Union more religious than their parents % of Israeli Jews who say they... FSU immigrants FSU second generation All Isra eli Jews Believe in God Always light Always light Keep kosher at Keep kosher 
US young people have higher unemployment 
Among Americans with Hispanic ancestry, share that identifies as Hispanic or Latino falls across immigrant generations 
Most young adults favor allowing transgender people to use restrooms of their current gender identity If you had to choose, which comes closest to your view? Transgender people should be 
Majority of public says Trump's election has led to worse race relations relations in the USS 
Drop-off voters voted in 2016 but were less engaged than consistent voters % who staid they followed 2016 presidentialelection Very closely Somewhat Justa little Not atall Among those who voted in % who staid lit makes difference to them personally whether the Democrats or Republicans control the 
Measuring News Interest Week of September 2-7 Percent who followed this story very closely Percent who named story as their most closely followed 
Most Voters Know What Candidates They 
