partner not being ready financially is a minor reason , and 29 % say the same about their own finances . Roughly four - in - ten ( 44 % ) say not being far enough
civic and public affairs . But on this and other possible impacts from these marches , there are consistent divides between political party groups : By one main measure , the marches about science have registered with Americans : They have drawn
. Among publics , however , there are clear priorities as to what they believe are most important for development . When South Africans , Nigerians and Kenyans are asked about the best example of an economically developed country , they tend to cite the U.S. and China . In Kenya , 36 % say the U.S. is the best example , while 15 % feel this way about China . South Africans are split between the two countries ( 27 % U.S. vs. 22 % China ) , as are Nigerians ( 25 % vs. 28 % ) . When asked what makes the U.S
: For example , 36 % of adults said state and local elected officials were a major source of news about the outbreak , while 16 % said the same about friends , family and neighbors , and 8 % named community newsletters or Listservs . In all , 64 % of U.S. adults named at least one of these local information sources as a major source for coronavirus news . Americans also see local news outlets as more credible sources of COVID-19 information than the news media in general . In a survey conducted June 4 - 10 , half of U.S. adults said their local news media get the facts
network than those with a basic phone . In Ghana , the difference is particularly stark : 79 % of smartphone users have texted over the past year , compared with only
) and independents ( 58 % ) say they trust a lot or some of the information they get from national news organizations . Figures are higher for local media : 75 % of Republicans , 68 % of Democrats and 69 % of independents trust at least
the total sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the error attributable to sampling is plus or minus
they and their families invested in it . Perhaps not surprisingly , the highest - earning graduates were the most positive about their educations — 98 % of those making six figures and up said their degree had paid off , compared with 63 % of graduates earning less than $ 50,000 . Similarly , people with advanced degrees were even more likely than bachelor ’s and associate ’s degree holders to say their education was worth the investment — 96 % , compared with 89 % and 76 % , respectively .
national government to do what is right for their country . Discontent with democracy is rife throughout Latin America , where a regional median of 73 % said they were dissatisfied with how democracy is working in their countries . A majority of Peruvians ( 60 % ) also do not feel close to any of their country ’s political parties . The share of people who are not affiliated with any political party is high across Latin America : Half or more in Chile ( 78 % ) , Brazil ( 60 % ) , Argentina ( 51 % ) and Colombia ( 50 % ) say they do not feel close to any political party in
force is the best way to defeat terrorism , up 17 points since early last year ; 44 % of independents say the same , up 11 points .
) . There is also an age gap on this question . Fully 70 % of 18 - 29 year - olds have a positive view , up from 56 % two years ago . More than six - in - ten ( 65 % ) of those ages 30 - 49 have a favorable opinion , up steeply from 46 % in 2007 . Older Americans are more lukewarm – 54
that connect to the internet are much more likely to text their network than those with a basic phone . In Ghana , the difference is particularly stark : 79 % of smartphone users have texted over the past year , compared with only
. Opinions of unions have recovered from lows reached in 2010 and 2011 . Public views of business corporations have followed a similar trajectory . Currently , 48 % have a favorable impression of business corporations , compared with 43 % who have an unfavorable opinion . While the public expresses mixed views of unions overall , majorities of Americans say many different types of employees in specific sectors should be able to unionize . Among the six sectors tested in the survey , support for workers ’ ability to form a union is highest for factory and manufacturing workers : 82 % say these workers should be able to union
also used oversampling in states like Wyoming so that researchers could make reliable estimates about Wyomingites ’ religious beliefs and practices . Thanks to oversampling , we interviewed 316 Wyoming residents , instead of an estimated 63 under a non - oversampling design . The survey weighting adjusted for this by aligning the 0.9 % of respondents from Wyoming with their actual share of share of the U.S. population ( 0.2
and Hispanic identity differ , though majorities of all key subgroups say speaking Spanish is n’t necessary to be considered Hispanic . For example , 58 % of immigrant Hispanics say speaking Spanish is n’t a necessary component of Latino identity , as do 87 % of U.S.-born Hispanics . The 2015 survey of Latino adults also shows that among Hispanic registered voters , 81 % say speaking Spanish is not required to be considered Hispanic . While
voters say they watched at least a little of last Thursday night ’s vice - presidential debate between Joe Biden and Paul Ryan
) say “ relying too much on military force to defeat terrorism creates hatred that leads to more terrorism . ” These attitudes are little changed from earlier this year ,
households for funding higher education : 45.3 % of total expenditures , trailing Chile , the United Kingdom , Japan and South Korea . ( Although three countries — Denmark , Finland and Germany — did n’t separate households from other private - sector funding sources , their total private - funding percentages were well below the U.S. ) On average , public sources accounted for about
. Some 51 % of YouTube users say they visit the site daily – a slight increase from the 45 % who said this in 2018 . Note : See full topline results and methodology
access to higher education . Today , the membership association is made up of over 6,000 of the world ’s leading educational institutions and is dedicated to promoting excellence and equity in education . Each year , the College Board helps more than seven million students prepare for a successful transition to college through programs and services in college readiness and college success — including the SAT ® and the Advanced Placement Program
n in half or more of the videos they published that month . Some of these channels clearly advertised their orientation around these conspiracy theories , including one that put the word “ QAnon ” in the thumbnail of all of its videos . Other channels were more subtle in their mentions , using euphemisms such as “ our favorite anon . ” Several of the 11 channels were terminated by YouTube in October
Americans who have seen the presidential candidates ’ television commercials in recent weeks . Fully 80 % say they have seen a television commercial on behalf of Barack Obama ’s candidacy recently and nearly as many ( 76 % ) report having seen a commercial on behalf of John McCain . In mid - September , only 54 % of the public had seen an ad for Obama and 58 % had seen a McCain ad . On balance , those who have seen Obama ’s ads believe they are truthful . Nearly half ( 47 % ) say Obama ’
but Now with More Reservations , ” released November 2 , 2009 . ) Large majorities in all three nations believe that elites have prospered over the last two decades , while average citizens have not . In Ukraine , for instance , 95 % think politicians have benefited a great deal or a fair amount from the changes since 1991 , and 76 % say this about business owners . However , just 11 % believe ordinary people have benefited . The fall 2009 survey further highlighted the extent to which these publics are disillusioned with their political leadership . Few believed politicians listened to them or that politicians governed with the interests of the people in mind .
survey found that while roughly the same proportion of adults in the Millennial generation and Generation X own cell phones , Millennials are significantly more likely to use their phones for a variety of purposes . A majority of Millennials use their phones for taking photos , texting , going online , sending email , playing games , listening to music , and recording videos — making them significantly more
that the pay gap in the U.S. was about 18 % , slightly higher than the median pay gap across 26 OECD states , which was about 14 % . Countries with lower pay gaps include New Zealand and Belgium ; these nations also provide little by way of paid time off for new parents . Countries with higher pay gaps include The Czech Republic and Austria , both of which offer new parents about 10 months of paid parental leave ( this figure does not reflect unpaid leave , or paid maternity or paternity leave ) .   The U.S. has no national paid family leave policy , though a bill was recently introduced in
majority of Core Conservatives ( 68 % ) express a positive
the Great Recession in 2007 . There is a gender gap within that overall number , according to the study . Millennial males ( 40 % ) were more likely to live at home than Millennial females ( 32 %
of the week . Results for this survey are based on telephone interviews conducted under the direction of Princeton Survey Research Associates International among a national sample of 1,001 adults living in the continental United States , 18 years of age or older , from September 9 - 12 , 2010 ( 671 respondents were interviewed on a landline telephone , and 330 were interviewed on a cell phone , including 130 who had no landline telephone ) . Both the landline and cell phone samples were provided by Survey Sampling International . Interviews were conducted in English . The combined landline and cell phone sample are weighted
evident throughout 2010 and 2011 , Democrats were more likely than Republicans to view the deficit as
interest as it relates to the news media ’s coverage . The weekly survey is conducted in conjunction with The Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , which monitors the news reported by major newspaper , television , radio and online news outlets on an ongoing basis . In the most recent week , data relating to news coverage were collected August 2 - 8 , and survey data measuring public interest in the top news stories of the week were collected August
the Trump presidential campaign and Russia , attitudes toward the U.S. and its president have turned more positive in Russia . Following the outbreak of the Ukraine crisis in 2014 , Russians ’ ratings for both the U.S. as a country and for Obama plummeted .
opposition to proposals that would raise the retirement age ( 72 % opposed ) , reduce the rate of benefit growth ( 64 % ) , and raise payroll taxes ( 56 % ) . The only possible changes tested that win majority support are those aimed at wealthy Americans . Six - in - ten favor applying the payroll tax to all wages , which
factor ” in slowing the spread of HIV in South Africa . Explore attitudes in countries around the world with our Global Views of Morality
( 59 % ) . Still , all segments of Turkish society say that Turkey should allow fewer refugees into their southern borders . Meanwhile , in the fight against ISIS , only 36 % of Turks wanted to join the anti - Islamic State international coalition led by the U.S. when this survey was fielded . More ( 44 % ) thought they should not join the coalition , although many ( 20 % ) did not offer an opinion . However , at the time , 48 % supported the U.
. Those on the left tend to prefer that schools focus on teaching creative and independent thinking while those on the right tend to value academic skills and discipline more . The gap is especially large in the United States , where liberals ( 67 % ) are twice as likely as conservatives ( 33 % ) to favor education that emphasizes independent thinking . 3Younger people in most advanced economies are the most supportive of education that emphasizes creative and independent thinking . The difference is largest in France , where 53 % of those ages 18 to 34 say creative education is more important than teaching basic skills , compared with 29 % of those 50 and older . In the U.
. Sales at minority - owned businesses as a group totaled nearly $ 1.6 trillion in 2012 , or 10.9 % of all classifiable revenues . About half of those sales went to Asian - owned firms , who accounted for 5.5 % of classifiable sales and 7.1 % of classifiable businesses . The 12.1 % of classifiable businesses with Hispanic ownership received only 3
s will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’
. ) The decline in engagement among voters age 40 - to-64 also has come among voters in both parties . Among Obama supporters in this age group , there has been a 12 - point decline in the percentage giving a lot of thought to the election ; among Romney supporters 40 - to-64 , there has been an eight - point decline since 2008 . Engagement among voters 65 and older is similar to 2008 ; older Obama and Romney supporters are as engaged as Obama and McCain supporters were in 2008 . The pattern is nearly identical in levels of campaign news interest . Fewer voters younger than 40
if more Americans owned guns ; by contrast , 51 % of Democrats say there would be more crime if more Americans had guns . Nearly two - thirds of Democrats ( 64 % ) say there would be fewer mass shootings in the U.S. if it were harder for people to legally obtain guns ; only about a quarter of Republicans ( 27 % ) say the same . And Republicans are skeptical that making it harder to legally obtain guns would have an effect on mass shootings : 54 % say it would not make a difference , while 18 % think restricting access to guns would lead
and eMarketer estimates that its share will continue to grow , leaving fewer ad dollars for news organizations . 21Digital video consumption is growing and digital news video consumption is growing with it . Almost two - thirds of U.S. adults now watch videos online and more than half of those ( 36 % ) watch news videos . This is up from 40 % of U.S. adults who watched or downloaded any kind of video in 2007 and 26 % who watched or downloaded news videos . 31Younger adult Americans consume more digital video and digital news video
1.7 more years of schooling over their elders . But in other regions , Muslim women have gained on men . In Europe , for instance , Muslim women and men average virtually the same number of years of schooling among the youngest generation analyzed , and in the Asia - Pacific and Middle
to 49 % among Hispanics . It bounced back during the 2012 presidential campaign , and Obama captured 71 % of the Hispanic vote . Whether
for cutting a deal with radical groups — 54 % agreed with the statement “ I support a peace deal with the extremists , ” while just 35 % disagreed . The question did not specify any particular groups of extremists , but it is clear that , as a general approach , the Pakistani public preferred compromise . Here again however , the minority supporting confrontation was growing — in June , 64 % had supported a peace deal and only 18 % had opposed
ago ( 24 % ) . ( The trends are similar in views of the rise of Islamic extremism worldwide . ) At the same time , there has been a substantial drop in the public ’s ratings of the government ’s efforts to reduce
Yet , nearly four decades of survey data show a far more complex and often contradictory reality than does the popular hawk / dove dichotom
, on par with the 58
the Russian leader ’s negatives have soared to the point that they mirror the nearly worldwide lack of confidence in George W. Bush
views recent reports of sexual harassment and assault as more reflective of widespread problems in society rather than acts of individual misconduct . Majorities across all demographic and partisan groups – including men and women in both parties – hold this view . Overall , two - thirds of Americans ( 66 % ) say the recent allegations “ mainly reflect widespread problems in society , ” compared with just 28 % attributing them mainly
since 2016 . The share of Hispanic registered voters who say Democrats have more concern for Hispanics than Republicans has declined in recent years after reaching a recent high of 59 % in 2015 . Meanwhile , the share of Hispanic voters who see no difference between parties is up , from 22 % in 2015 to 32 % today . A higher share of Latino Democratic voters say their party is more concerned for Latinos , compared with the share of Latino Republican voters who say the same about their own party . About seven - in - ten Latino Democratic voters ( 72 % ) say the Democratic Party has more concern , while 24 % say there is no
while similar shares say working full time ( 27 % ) or not working for pay at all ( 28 %
the current approval is down from its peak of 70 %
s asylum seekers waiting on decisions as of the end of 2016 , an estimated two - thirds had not had a decision made on their case – and another third ( about 385,000 ) were appealing
while 35 % say it should be illegal . The views of Millennials are not significantly different than earlier this year . Baby Boomers ( 51 % legal , 46 % illegal ) and those in Generation X ( 54 % legal , 44 % illegal ) are about evenly divided over marijuana legalization , while the majority of those in the Silent Generation are opposed ( 66 % illegal , 27 % legal ) . Democrats continue to support legalization by about two - to - one ( 64%-
% , from 13 % in April 2009 to 33 % in May 2011 . Similarly , during this same time period use by 50 - 64 year - old internet users doubled — from 25 % to 51 % . Usage patterns on a typical day reveal a slightly different picture . The frequency of social networking site usage among young adult internet users was stable over the last year – 61 % of online Americans in that age cohort now use SNS on a typical day , compared with 60 % one year ago . At the same time , those ages 30 - 49 have become somewhat more likely to use the sites on an average day ;
. And in 2004 , when George W. Bush was reelected after defeating John Kerry , just 30 % of Democratic voters called themselves liberal , while more than twice as many ( 66 % ) described themselves as moderate or conservative . The subset of Democratic voters who describe their views as very liberal has similarly increased since 2000 , though they remain a relatively small group within the party . In 2000 , just 6 % of Democratic and Democratic - leaning registered voters said their political views were very liberal . By 2019 , 15 % of Democrats described their views this way . White Democrats remain more likely than black or Hispanic Democrats to describe themselves as
marriage where the husband provides and the wife stays at home is preferable to one in which both spouses have jobs . Among the general public , most people ( 62 % ) express the opposite view , saying a marriage in which both spouses have jobs and take responsibility for housework and child rearing is more satisfying . At this fall ’s pre - conference session specifically for Mormon women , participants were urged to defend the church ’s teachings on marriage , family and sexuality .
Survey of Latinos , published this month . Among Millennial voters , 36 % say they will be casting a ballot for the first time , compared with 9 % of non - Millennial voters ages
s job performance , while 44 % approve . Women disapprove by a much wider margin ( 60 % to 34 % ) . Adults 50 and older are divided in their views of Trump : 46 % approve , 49 % disapprove . Among those under 50 , 32 % approve , while nearly twice as many ( 60 % ) disapprove . There continues to be an educational divide in views of Trump . Two - thirds of Americans with a college degree or more education ( 66 % ) – including three - quarters of those with a postgraduate degree – disapprove of Trump as president .
house to the temperature in your office are all personalized and integrated . But there is one segment of the population who would see no benefit in services like these – people who own
effect of weighting . The following table shows the error attributable to sampling that would be expected at the 95 % level of confidence for different groups in the current survey , conducted May 7 - 10 , 2010 : In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce
who are very interested in the news ( 74 % ) say news organizations do not understand people like them – about the same share as among those who are somewhat interested ( 70 % ) and not interested in the news ( 78 % ) . Among Democrats , however , news interest plays a large role in whether they feel misunderstood . About a quarter of Democrats who are very interested in the news feel misunderstood ( 27 % ) , compared with about four - in - ten of the somewhat interested ( 39 % ) and roughly half of those not interested ( 52 % ) . Still , Democrats at all levels of news interest are much less likely than
and as good as any other arrangement , which is similar to the share who see this as unacceptable ( 36 % ) . 6On another topic Pope Francis has brought to the fore – poverty and its relationship with climate change – most U.S. Catholics ( 62 % ) say working to help the poor and needy is essential to what being Catholic means to them . But fewer ( 41 % ) say it is a sin to buy luxury goods without contributing to the poor . And fewer still express concerns about environmental issues in a religious context : 29 % say working to address climate change ( as urged by Pope Francis in an en
as the most negative aspect of her background . In general , extensive Washington experience appears to be a less attractive attribute for a presidential candidate than it once was . At about this point in the 2008 campaign , 35 % said they would be more likely to support a candidate who has been an elected official in Washington for many years , while 15 % would be less likely ; 45 % said extensive Washington experience would n’t matter . But by last year , those views had changed .
marriage than did so over the past two years . Americans living in the Midwest are now evenly split over same - sex marriage ; 44 % favor and 44 % oppose allowing gays
: 71 % of white Democrats have a warm view of police officers , compared with 87 % of white Republicans . This gap is even more pronounced in the shares who rate officers very
content : 10 % of those who go online as a diversion have posted their comments about the recession in an online discussion group or other online forum , and 9
the third quarter of 2011 . The Hispanic unemployment rate is also now below its level at the end of the Great Recession in the third quarter of 2009 , when it stood at 12.7%.1 The poverty rate among Hispanics has also declined , falling to 25.3 % in 2011 from 26.5 % in 2010 ( DeNavas - Walt , Proctor and Smith , 2012 ) . However , other economic indicators illustrate the difficult times that Latinos have faced since the onset of the Great Recession . Driven mainly by the collapse in the housing market , median household wealth among Latinos declined by 58 %
’s election “ quite a lot ” of thought compared with 32 % who said the same in 2010 . Even so , Latino registered voters are less motivated about voting than U.S. registered voters overall . A July Pew Research Center survey ( 2014c ) , found that 70 % of all registered voters said they were absolutely certain they will vote this year . And an October Pew Research Center survey ( 2014e ) found that 59
person Bill Clinton had nominated for his cabinet or other high - level post . Today , 10 % volunteer the name of Jeff Sessions , Trump ’s choice for attorney general , when asked to name an administration appointee . About as many can recall the name of Trump ’s nominee for Secretary of State ( Rex Tillerson , 9 % ) or his nominee for Secretary of Housing and Urban Development ( Ben Carson , 9 % ) . Fewer can recall the names of other Trump appointees . For example , just 3 % volunteer the name Steve Bannon , the former Breitbart News executive whom Trump named as his
) says private citizens should not be allowed to pilot drones near accidents or crime scenes
who rely heavily on their income to hobby
industry as having a positive impact on the country , this view is somewhat more common among those in younger generations than older : 54 % of Millennials and 52 % of Xers say this , compared with just
employees were 87%-88 % white , 63%-64 % male , and 56%-57 % white and male . Surveys by the Radio Television Digital News Association   in 2012 - 2016 estimated that television newsroom staff were 77%-79 % white and 56%-60 % male , while radio newsroom staff were 87%-91 % white and 61%-69
. While majorities of Americans and Western Europeans have accepting views toward Muslims , they are more divided on whether to accept Islam in their societies . Europeans in several countries are about as likely to say , “ Islam is fundamentally incompatible with [ their country ’s ] culture and values ” as they are to take the view that “ there is no fundamental contradiction between Islam and [ their country ’s ] culture and values . ” This is the case , for example , in Germany – where 44 % of Germans see a fundamental contradiction between Islam and German culture and values , compared with 46 % who do not see a contradiction . In the UK , public
2016 , the highest share in the country . Ogden - Clearfield , UT , among the largest middle - class communities , also had the lowest share of lower - income adults ( 19 % ) in 2016 . In our analysis , “ middle - income ” Americans are adults whose annual household income is two - thirds to double the national median , after incomes have been adjusted for household size . In 2016 , the national middle - income range was about $ 45,200 to $ 135,
, changed their username or deleted an online profile ( 15 % vs. 3 % ) , or stopped going to offline events or places ( 11 % vs. 3 %
is as low as it has been over the last seven years . About half of political independents ( 48 %
: While 70 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents have a favorable view of the agency , just 19 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say the same . Wide majorities of Democrats and Republicans report having a favorable opinion of the Postal Service , the National Park Service , NASA , the CDC and the Census Bureau . Democrats continue to view the IRS more favorably than Republicans do ( 59 % vs. 49 % ) . And while majorities of both Democrats and Republicans express positive views of the Social Security Administration and the Federal Reserve , Democrats are somewhat more likely than Republicans to rate these agencies positively . In contrast , Republicans are now more likely than Democrats
from previous generations . For example , only 3 % of Saudi women ages 55 to 74 had gained higher education , versus 16 % of men in that age group . While this recent educational progress has n’t brought Saudi women up to the level of the U.S. , for example , where 48 % of women ages 25 to 34 had a postsecondary degree , Saudi Arabia is nevertheless ahead of other power brokers in the region such as Egypt ( 19 % ) and Iran ( 16 % ) .
Iraq and Syria ” was a major threat to the well - being of the U.S.
these qualities . Some 37 % think some games but not others promote teamwork and communication , while 28 % say they are unsure . Similarly , 30 % of adults do not think most games are a better form of entertainment than TV , almost triple the 11 % who think this is true . The public is much less certain on other aspects of gaming . Fully 47 % of all adults are unsure if most video games portray minorities poorly , while 40 % are unsure if most video games portray women poorly . Those who play video games themselves are more likely than non - game players to think positively
the general public survey were asked : “ When you are food shopping , how often , if ever , do you look to see
1,501 adults ( including 1,162 registered voters ) , finds that 47 % of registered voters support the Republican candidate in their district or lean Republican , while 43 % favor the Democratic candidate or lean
) , while only about a third ( 31 % ) said China is not a problem . And in a separate spring 2016 survey , a majority ( 55 % ) of Americans held an unfavorable
. During this accounting period , Media General owned 32 local TV stations in 29 markets , including 13 that it acquired in a merger with Young Broadcasting in November 2013 . In March 2014 , Media General announced plans to expand further by purchasing LIN Media . The merger was completed in December   2014 , bringing the Media General total to 71 stations in 48 markets . Gannett ranks second in revenue growth for this time period with a 97 % increase across its 46 stations . Only CBS and 21st Century Fox , which own 30 and 28 stations respectively saw their broadcast revenue flatten compared to the same period in the previous year . CBS said the previous year ’s revenue had
affect people ’s health . Far smaller shares see positive outcomes as very likely if gene editing for babies were to become widely available . Roughly two - in - ten Americans ( 18 % ) say it is very likely that development of these techniques will pave the way for new medical advances that benefit
) . Expectations for compromise between the GOP - led Congress and Obama are lower than they were eight years ago , following the Democratic Party winning control of Congress during George W. Bush ’s second term . In November 2006 , about half of the public ( 48 % ) expected Democratic leaders to cooperate with Bush , including 59 % of Democrats . Today , just 28 % expect cooperation from Republican leaders , driven in part by relatively low expectations for compromise among Republicans ( 37 % ) . Eight years ago , 52 % expected Bush to cooperate with Democratic leaders in Congress over the final two years of his presidency , slightly more than the 44
by the recession ; half ( 50 % ) say the recession did not have a major impact on their finances , the highest percentage of any income category . And among those affected by the recession , far more say their finances have mostly recovered ( 36 % ) than say they have not yet recovered ( 14 % ) . Economic System Still Seen at Risk . Most Americans continue to think the U.S. economic system is still vulnerable to the type of crisis that devastated the economy in the fall of 2008 . Currently , 63 % say the economic system is no more secure today than it
education and income . For example , 71 % of higher - income Chinese believe corruption will
to existing friends with whom they play games . For boys , that share is even higher , with 84 % saying networked games make them feel more connected to friends when they play , compared with 62 % of girls . Overall , boys are much more likely than girls to make new friends while playing games online ( 57 % vs 13 % ) . Boys also spend more time playing video games with friends : 16 % of boys play videos games in person with friends every day or almost every day ,
) , Italy ( 64 % ) and the Czech Republic ( 64 % ) . Europeans are of two minds about public debt , which has been at the center of the debate over the euro crisis since it began . A majority in six of the eight countries surveyed consider debt a very big problem . When pressed to choose between reducing public
are . U.S. demographic divides on NAFTA In addition to their party differences , Americans differ about NAFTA along gender , age and racial and ethnic lines . Women ( 55 % ) are more likely than men ( 46 % ) to believe that the trilateral trade agreement has been good for the U.S. And about twice as many men ( 25 % ) as women ( 12 %
and online buying power for the home , work and university audiences across local U.S. markets and across the globe .   comScore Media Metrix continues the tradition of quality and innovation established by its Media Metrix syndicated Internet ratings – long recognized as the currency in online media measurement among financial analysts , advertising agencies , publishers and marketers – while drawing upon comScore ’s advanced technologies to address important new industry requirements .   All comScore Media Metrix syndicated ratings are based on industry - sanctioned sampling methodologies .   For more information , please visit www.comscore.com
death . But at the same time , a majority ( 56 % ) says it is unlikely that Afghanistan will be able to maintain a stable government after the U.S. military leaves . Even among those who predict the U.S. will be successful in Afghanistan , nearly as many favor removing the troops as soon possible ( 46 % ) as favor keeping then there until the situation is stable ( 51 % ) . Among those who say the U.S. will definitely or probably fail in achieving its goals – 34 % of the public – a large majority ( 75 %
s ( 56 % ) and roughly half of black Protestants ( 48 % ) say it must be part of God ’s plan that Trump or Obama – or both – were elected , but that this does n’t necessarily mean God favored their policies . Additionally , small shares of white evangelicals and black Protestants do think that God tipped the outcome based on policy considerations , though they differ about God ’
those under age 50 ( 35 % vs. 44 % ) . Overall , independents fall somewhere between Republicans and Democrats in feeling misunderstood by the news media ( 63 % say this ) , though whether they lean to the Republican or Democratic Party has a strong influence . Independents who lean to the Republican Party are far more likely to feel misunderstood than those who lean Democratic ( 80 % vs. 51 %
’s name when asked which candidate has been called a flip
belief that the Chinese are modern : 29 % said that about the Chinese 10 years ago , and 25 % hold that opinion today . Japanese sentiment toward the Chinese has changed slightly on perceptions of the Chinese being nationalistic . In 2006 , 82 % believed the Chinese were nationalistic . Today 76 % see them that way . A generation gap divides this Japanese perception : 80 % of older Japanese say the Chinese are nationalistic , while 65 % of younger Japanese agree . And
immigrants in the U.S.
. In total , some 28 % of Americans think these companies can be trusted to do the right thing most of the time or always , while a total of 72 % think they can be trusted to do the right thing some of the time or hardly ever . Even so , a majority of Americans ( 69 % ) say these companies are no more or less ethical than companies in other industries . Around
% saying they believe today ’s children will be better
agree strongly with their party than to say they agree only somewhat ( 70 % vs. 11 % ) . Note : Here are   the questions used for this analysis , along with
Hispanic population are growing more diverse . In 2014 , Cubans made up a smaller share ( 31 % ) of Hispanic eligible voters – adult U.S. citizens – in Florida than they did in 1990 ( 46 % ) . Meanwhile , over the same period , Puerto Ricans made up a larger share of the state ’s Hispanic eligible voters , rising from 25 % to 27 % . These changes have been driven by the outmigration of Puerto Ricans from the island to central Florida and the movement of Puerto Rican - origin Hispanics in the northeast U.S
the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press aimed at gauging the public ’s interest in and reaction
% who do not know that the GOP candidate won what had been Ted Kennedy ’s seat , about half ( 49 % ) say they do not think legislation will be
religion and to engage in a number of religious practices , women also are more likely to hold New Age beliefs . Across all four measures – belief in psychics , reincarnation , astrology and that spiritual energy can be found in objects – larger shares of women than men subscribe to these beliefs . And overall , seven - in - ten women hold at least one New Age belief , compared to 55 % of men . Also , adults under age 65 , those who have not graduated from college , racial and ethnic minorities , and Democrats and those who lean toward the Democratic Party
the above table , our May 2010 survey found that while roughly the same proportion of adults in the Millennial generation and Generation X own cell phones , Millennials are significantly more likely to use their phones for a variety of purposes . A majority of Millennials use their phones for taking photos , texting , going online , sending email , playing games , listening to music , and recording videos — making them significantly more
but those sensitivities have been ill - served by technology companies that stand to profit from more widespread sharing and availability of personal information . Users may be more open with what they share because they do n’t adequately understand enough about how their data is stored and used . And just because they are comfortable posting some information publicly does not mean they have quietly surrendered all control over the information they choose to share online . Yet , social science researchers have long noted a major disconnect in attitudes and practices around information privacy online . When
have turned more positive in Russia . Following the outbreak of the Ukraine crisis in 2014 , Russians ’ ratings for both the U.S. as a country and for Obama plummeted .
% of the public ) . The views of police and the public also differ sharply on whether the country has made the changes needed to give
Survey . The weighting procedure also accounts for the fact that respondents with both landline and cell phones have a greater probability of being included in the combined sample and adjusts for household size within the landline sample . Sampling errors and statistical tests of significance take into account the effect of weighting . The following table shows the error attributable to sampling that would be expected at the 95 % level of confidence for different groups in the survey : In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error
happened after the Bush administration in 2008 extended the amount of time STEM graduates may work in the U.S. to a maximum of 29 months . About half of STEM graduates have extended their OPT program beyond the initial 12 - month period in recent years . In 2016 , the Obama administration again expanded the work period for STEM graduates to its current 36 - month maximum . 2Nearly   as many people are approved for the OPT program as receive H-1B visas , another main source of high - skilled foreign workers who work in the U.S. on a temporary basis . From fiscal 2008 to fiscal 2014 , 768,214 H-1B
; for example , while 29 % of Republicans and GOP leaners say they would be comfortable eating out in a restaurant , 16 % of Democrats ( including leaners ) say the same . Larger shares of Republican men than women say they would be comfortable eating in a restaurant , and this is the case among Republicans under age 50 as well as older Republicans . Gender differences are more modest among Democrats . Looking at age differences among partisans , younger Republicans are particularly likely to express comfort with attending a crowded party . This is especially evident among younger , Republican men . About one - in - five Republican men ages 18 to 49 ( 18 %
overall , if you look at the entire eight - year period , when you look at the millions of jobs that have been created , the improvement in the economy , et cetera , ” said McCain . While there is a sizable partisan gap in ratings of the national economy , even among Republicans fewer than half view economic conditions with favor . Currently , 46 % of Republicans , and just 24 % of independents and 15 % of Democrats , give the economy at least a good rating . “ I do n
case with views of U.S. success in Afghanistan , there are only modest partisan differences on the question of whether Afghanistan will be able to maintain a stable government once U.S. troops leave the country . Majorities of Republicans ( 74 % ) , independents ( 69 % ) and Democrats ( 62 % ) say it is either very or somewhat unlikely that the Afghan government will be stable after the withdrawal of U.S
problem . Another key part of the UN ’s goals was a commitment worldwide to develop a global partnership for development . On this objective , net official development assistance from member countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development increased by 66 % between 2000 and 2014 . But this increase seems to have leveled off after 2013 . Possibly because of the magnitude of the challenges they continue to face , a median of 68 % across the nine African countries surveyed by Pew Research Center say their nation needs more foreign aid than it receives today . Note : For more on progress toward the UN ’s Millennium
. Views were quite different in China , the only country where a majority ( 68 % ) said parents put too much pressure on their children to succeed in school . The Chinese education system ’s intense focus on test - taking has received a fair amount of attention in recent years , especially after Shanghai students topped the rankings for math , science , and reading on the 2009 Program for International Student Assessment ( PISA ) exam . But
be legal for medical and recreational use ( 59 % ) or that it should be legal just for medical use ( 32 % ) . Fewer than one - in - ten ( 8 % ) prefer to keep marijuana illegal in all circumstances . 11The number of people living in the U.S. without authorization has decreased over the past decade , driven by a sharp decline in unauthorized
Mexico . About six - in - ten Mexicans ( 61 % ) say they would not move to the U.S
to deal with Greece ’s financial troubles . Efforts to deal with the debt crisis was the top story
conditions will get better in a year , just 10 % of Democrats say the same . Four - in - ten Democrats expect economic conditions to get worse over the next year , compared with just 9 % of Republicans ( 31 % of Republicans and 48 % of Democrats expect conditions to stay about the same ) . While economic expectations do not differ by income in the public overall , the picture is very different within each of the two parties . Higher - income Republicans are more likely than those with lower incomes to say that they expect economic conditions to improve in the next year : 68 % of those with family incomes of $ 75,000 or more say
” “ haha ” and “ wow ” – and Election Day , the congressional Facebook audience used the “ angry ” button in
and South Korea , are also U.S. treaty allies , meaning that if North Korea used military force against them , the U.S. would be obliga
they favor same - sex marriage , but levels of support are highest among those who have graduated from college : 79 % among those with postgraduate degrees and 72 % among those with bachelor ’s degrees . Smaller majorities of those with some college experience but no college degree ( 62 %
has lost a job or had their pay cut
2007 , when it upheld a federal ban
; far fewer ( 9 % ) say that today ’s mothers are doing a better job than their predecessors 20 or 30 years ago . The gender gap in evaluations of fathers is substantial . A solid majority of men ( 55 % ) say today ’s fathers are doing a worse job than did fathers a generation ago , but just 40 % of women agree . Most women say that today ’s fathers are now doing a better job ( 27 % ) , or at least as good a job ( 29 % ) , as fathers did 20 or 30 years ago . Women are much harder on themselves – 54 % say today ’s mothers are
% say they mostly take jobs citizens want . About three - quarters of Americans ( 76 % ) say undocumented immigrants are “ as honest and hard - working ” as U.S. citizens , while 67 % say they are no more likely than U.S. citizens to commit serious crimes . As with views of immigration policy priorities , partisans differ in views of undocumented immigrants . Yet majorities of both Democrats ( 79 % ) and Republicans ( 63 % ) say that those who are in the U.S.
. Anti - abortion groups argue that the morning after pill induces an abortion because the drug can cause the body to
as of Sept. 4 . That was nearly twice as many enrollees as the next largest metro area , New York - Newark - Jersey City ( 47,200 ) . Other top metro areas include Dallas - Fort Worth - Arlington ( 36,700 ) , Houston - The Woodlands - Sugar Land ( 35,800 ) and Chicago - Naperville - Elgin ( 34,100 ) . The top metro areas of current DACA recipients are similar to those of the nation ’s unauthorized immigrant
are in the middle , and 25 % have weak early - adopter preferences , indicating they prefer familiar food products . There are similar patterns in which Americans are most likely to have strong early adopter preferences for food products . For example , as was the case with new technology , younger adults across the age spectrum are more likely than those ages 65 and older to express a preference for trying new food products . Some 16 % of U.S. adults have strong
).This story did generate more public interest than the recent verdict in the Scooter Libby trial – one of last week ’s most covered news stories . Only 13 % followed that story very closely . Looking at past Washington scandals involving senior government officials , the firing of eight U.S. attorneys generated an average amount of interest from the public . It is on par with Whitewater , the HUD scandal of the late 1980s , Trent Lott ’s resignation as Senate Majority Leader , the Jack Abramoff lobbying scandal , Tom Delay ’s indictment for campaign finance violations and the savings and loan scandal
have increased the outward expression of their Hispanic ethnicity ( 39 % ) , compared with those who said Trump policies are helpful to Hispanics ( 28 % ) . By contrast , Hispanics who said Trump policies are helpful to Hispanics were more likely to say they now express their U.S. identity more often ( 59 % ) than those who said Trump policies are harmful to the group ( 29 % ) . Foreign - born Hispanics were slightly more likely than U.S.-born Hispanics to say they have increased the outward expression of their Hispanic identity ( 39 % vs. 32 % respectively ) . There were
) , product safety ( 80 % ) and company accountability ( 78 % ) . Note : Here are the questions used for this report , along
% of those who had heard at least a little about these marches say opposition to the Trump administration ’s handling of science issues
as of 2015 . They also are older than people in other major religious groups , such as Muslims ( median of 24 ) , Hindus ( median of 27 ) and Christians ( median of 30
in the United States . Of that total , 11.1 million , or 28 % , were in this country illegally . Support for providing legal status for unauthorized immigrants cuts across party lines , with backing from 64 % of Republicans , 76 % of Democrats and 70 % of independents . Democrats are the biggest supporters of a pathway to citizenship with 48 % favoring that option compared to 38
s . ) During the first three days interviewing ( Jan. 6 - 8) , the economy was the top story for the public , with 26 % following economic news most closely compared with 13 % who cited news about incoming Republican leaders . By contrast , news about the incoming Congress made up 18 % of coverage for the week , much more than any other story , according to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ) . News about the economy accounted for 8 % . The public showed moderate interest in the GOP taking control of the House of Representatives and most Americans say they heard
. And in Egypt , Christians were killed for having converted from Islam or simply because they were Christian . For example , in January and February 2015
circulation reached its lowest level since 1940 , the first year with available data . Total daily newspaper circulation ( print and digital combined ) was an estimated 28.6 million for weekday and 30.8 million for Sunday in 2018 . Those numbers were down 8 % and 9 %
have   put at the center of the debate – brings out passionate views on both sides . A Pew Research survey last month found that two - thirds of the public ( 67 % ) either strongly supports or strongly opposes the health care law . This intensity likely goes a long way in explaining why Americans want their leaders not to throw in the towel on the shutdown , though they still
) and highest in Spain ( 24 % ) , and upper - income shares ranged from 6 % in Norway to 14 % in the UK . 4Incomes of middle - class households in the U.S. are greater than the incomes of most Western European middle classes
it was the right thing to do . In contrast to the extensive bipartisan support for coronavirus aid , support for the 2009 stimulus aid package was divided along partisan lines : 79 % of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents said it was a good idea , but just 28 % of Republicans and Republican leaners said the same . The dramatic plunge in positive assessments of the national economy as a result of the coronavirus outbreak is steeper than declines in economic ratings seen during the last two recessions . Before they took a sudden negative turn , economic attitudes were historically positive . Just three months ago , the public ’
. The fifth looks at changing conditions in Mexico that might affect migration trends . The report ’s last section looks at characteristics of Mexican - born immigrants in the U.S. , using U.S. Census Bureau data . The appendix explains the report ’s methodology and data sources .
% to 28 % ) Germans say Berlin not Brussels should be the negotiator . Support for this reasserti
issue in Europe . The Netherlands is the only country where more than a third ( 37 % ) support the way the EU is dealing with this issue . Approval is lowest in Italy , Hungary , Sweden and Greece , where fewer than one - in - five approve of the way the EU has handled this issue . In several countries , approval has dropped since 2017 , including a 10 - point decrease in France and Hungary . Approval of the refugee issue also decreased by 6 points in the Netherlands and Germany and by 5 points in Sweden . Views of how the EU is dealing with the refugee
of Core Conservatives ( 68 % ) express a positive
during economic recessions . By comparison , women born in Puerto Rico who move to the U.S. mainland have more babies than those who stay on the island . In 2013 , the
the youths from immigrant and working class suburbs in France who felt frustrated by their place in French society . Muslims in Great Britain are most sympathetic ( 75 % so indicate ) followed by those in France and Spain ( 63 % of Muslims in both countries ) . In Germany , however , more among the general public ( 64 % ) express sympathy than among the predominantly Turkish Muslims in that country , 53 %
. The share of the public that has donated so far is somewhat less than after the disasters in Haiti , Japan or the Indian Ocean . In the past , many have donated to relief causes after the first week . For instance , after the earthquake in Haiti , far more said they donated in a survey conducted after 3 - 4 weeks ( 52 % ) than had said they donated in the first several days ( 18 % ) . Currently , in addition to the 14 % who say
Project for Excellence in Journalism analyzes news coverage . For an analysis of the year ’s news coverage , see “ The Year in News 2010 : Disaster , Economic Anxiety , but Little Interest in War ” released January 11 , 2011 . The public and news media were largely on the same page during the peak moments of the year ’
of the 8 million households in the more affluent group rose to an estimated $ 3,173,895 from an estimated $ 2,476,244 , while the mean wealth of the 111 million households in the less affluent group fell to an estimated $ 133,817 from
government ’s preparedness , with two - thirds describing their country as being well - prepared
s and whites is smaller than what it had been just a few years ago . Between 2009 and 2012 , the share of Latino adults who say they go online at least occasionally increased 14 percentage points , rising from 64 %
also differed in their opinions of Iran . In the U.S. , 82 % of Republicans and those who lean toward the GOP viewed Iran negatively , compared with seven - in - ten Democrats and Democratic leaners . Despite shifts in U.S.- Iran
) say they followed this news very closely . News about the budget debate accounted for 4 % of coverage . More Republicans ( 33 % ) say they followed the budget debate very closely than either Democrats or independents ( 24 % each ) . Reports that two U.S. airmen were shot and killed by a gunman outside the airport in Frankfurt , Germany was the most closely followed story for 3 % of the public . Just 16 % tracked this story very
. Among Democrats , 46 % of the party ’s conservatives and moderates said they sympathized more with Israel , compared with 33 % of liberals . Conservative Republicans also stand out for their belief that the United States has not been supportive enough of Israel . In a survey last October , fully 57 % of conservative Republicans said the U.S. has not been supportive enough of Israel . Across other political groups , majorities or pluralities said U
an increase from 34 % of young Gen X workers in 2000 . By contrast , just 24 % of young workers in non - metro areas in 2016 had completed college , up from 20 % in 2000 .
/ refused responses . The 2007 National Survey of Latinos focuses on Hispanics ’ views on the immigration debate and immigration enforcement , attitudes towards illegal immigrants , and perceptions of discrimination .
groups , those under 50 are more supportive of legal abortion than are those 50 and older
have health insurance while 15 %
the current approval is down from its peak of 70 %
, a 9 % increase over the previous year – far lower than the 45 % annual increase seen in 2016 . This slowdown follows a period of rapid growth : From 2014 to 2015 , the number of foreign students with master ’s degrees jumped by 57 % , the highest annual increase of any degree level since 2004 . Note : The full methodology for this analysis can be found here . Also ,
these different conflicts , see “ Far more Americans say there are
private , for - profit colleges ( 87 %
group but the composition of origin groups varies by geographic area . For example , while Mexicans represent a majority of Hispanics in all but 11 states , Puerto Ricans are the largest group in New York and New Jersey and Cubans are most populous in Florida . The demographics of each origin group vary significantly .   For example , Hispanics of Mexican origin are the youngest out of the 14 largest origin groups , with a median age of 25 , compared with Cubans ’   median age of 40
devices , the cell phone remains the “ gadget of choice ” among Americans in 2010 — fully 85
And about six - in - ten Indians back increased military spending . Only about a third of Americans and Europeans are willing to boost current defense budgets . Indians ( 49 % ) and Americans ( 51 % ) are more in accord about the value of working with allies , even if it means making compromises . Europeans ( 44 % ) are slightly less committed to such cooperation .
of media coverage of the pandemic is more positive across the board , with 71 % of all adults saying journalists have done very or somewhat
s caution on involvement : 53 % favored the use of increased economic and diplomatic sanctions against Russia , but 62 % opposed sending arms or military supplies to the Ukrainian government . 55More than half ( 54 % ) of Americans now see Obama as not tough enough on foreign affairs and national security , according to our August poll . Far more Republicans ( 77 % ) hold that view than independents ( 56 % ) or Democrats ( 34
Democratic congressional leaders . Fully 58 % disapprove of their job performance , up from 40 % in January . Among Democrats , disapproval of Democratic leaders has approximately doubled since January ( from 13 % to 27 % ) . Still , a solid majority of Democrats ( 58 % ) approve of the job
smartphone for accessing online services and information and for staying connected to the world around them — either because they lack broadband at home , or because they
and Russia , attitudes toward the U.S. and its president have turned more positive in Russia . Following the outbreak of the Ukraine crisis in 2014 , Russians ’ ratings for both the U.S. as a country and for Obama plummeted .
countries also see China negatively , with no country expressing majority support except Greece , where 57 % have a positive view of China . 2As the U.S. economy has slowly grown and added jobs , and as China ’s once astronomical growth rates have waned , the percentage of Europeans naming the U.S. as the world ’s top economic power has increased , while the share naming China has declined . In 2016 , many people across the nations polled say the U.
Personal control matters a lot to people . If the traditional American view of privacy is the “ right to be
fear ( 46 % vs. 41 % ) . Negative feelings about the campaign rose over the summer . The share of voters saying they ’ve been feeling frustrated has risen 8 percentage points since earlier in the summer ( from 49 % to 57 % ) . Similarly , a larger share now say they are disgusted ( 45 % then , 55 % now ) , while slightly more now say they are scared than said this two months ago ( 37 % then , 43 % now ) . There has been little change in the share expressing positive
the Baby Boom generation . The 2012 survey finds that among adults between the ages of 36 and 40 , 53 % say they are either “ not too ” or “ not at all ” confident that their income and assets will last through
) . See   our overview on President Obama ’s
the opposite party . But the level of partisan hostility has grown dramatically in the past 20 years . The new panel survey finds a strong link between having a highly negative
house . About one - third of fathers ( 32 % ) say their spouse or partner takes on more of the responsibility for chores in their household ,
27 % were favorable , though Democrats rated her positively on balance . Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid , who recently announced his upcoming retirement , was rated unfavorably by 41 %
26 , 2015 Chairman Johnson , Ranking member Carp
. For example , while 44 % of U.S.-born Latinos strongly agree that libraries provide many services hard to find elsewhere ( a share similar to the 47 % of whites who say the same ) , 63 % of immigrant Latinos express the same views . When it comes to whether public libraries improve the quality of life in a community , 77 % of immigrant Latinos strongly agree
people in the emerging and developing world are optimistic about the financial future of their children . It ’s a different story in richer nations , where most believe
reported by major newspaper , television , radio and online news outlets on an ongoing basis . In the most recent week , data relating to news coverage were collecte d from October 13 - 19 and survey data measuring public interest in the top news stories of the week were collected October 17 - 20 from a nationally representative sample of 1,003 adults . In addition to following campaign news last week , the public continued to closely track news about the economy . Fully 62 % followed reports about the U.S. economy very closely and 54 % paid very close attention to recent major ups and downs in the U.S
. Amid continued unrest in Syria , Iraq , Israel and the Palestinian territories , support for Erdogan has dropped significantly in four of the seven Middle Eastern nations surveyed since last year . For example , last year , 75 % in Jordan had a favorable view of Erdogan , but in the current poll it is only 60 % . Support dropped even further in Egypt ( -26 points ) . Turkey had been a strong supporter of ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi and his now outlawed Islamist Muslim Brotherhood . Opinions of Erdogan have held relatively steady in Tunisia and Lebanon since last year . In Lebanon , Erdogan ’s
schools , according to an analysis of U.S. Department of Education data by the Pew Research Center . In 2010 , some 15.9 % of whites attended a school where minorities made up at least half of all students . By comparison , more than three - quarters of Hispanics and blacks ( and six - in - ten Asians ) attended these “ majority - minority ” schools . White students , while still a majority in the nation ’s public school classrooms , have shrunk
who approve strongly . Opinion is nearly the reverse among Democrats : 73 % of Democrats and Democratic lean
and online news outlets on an ongoing basis . In the most recent week , data relating to news coverage were collected May 30 - June 5 , and survey data measuring public interest in the
the record levels seen in early 2010 , but far above pre - Great Recession levels . Only 27 % say jobs are plentiful . The disconnect between public attitudes and the official joblessness data supports the idea that the unemployment rate — one of the most widely reported economic statistics , along with inflation and GDP   — is n’t
they spend on an education . Still , despite the lack of enthusiasm for higher education among the public , most adults who graduated from college value their degree to some extent . Among college graduates , fully 86 % say that college has been a good investment for them personally ; just 6 % say it has not . Read more View more Daily
hide from specific people or organizations Beyond their general hope that they
according to the report . But there also were 2.3 billion Christians in 2015 , more than any other religious group . Large populations of Christians are present in all but a few parts of the world : Roughly two - thirds of the world ’s countries , for example , have Christian majorities . By
other questions in the survey . As in past surveys , college graduates perform better than those with less education on the News IQ quiz . Those with a bachelor ’s degree or more education answer an average of 6.9 questions correctly , compared to 5.2 correct answers from those with some college experience and 4.3 from those with no more than a high school diploma . The educational divide is evident across all of the questions asked , but majorities regardless of educational attainment are able to correctly answer that the Zika virus is spread primarily by mosquitoes and
; 53 % say this is the case in the U.S. , compared with just one - third in Germany , 20 % in Britain , 19 % in Spain and 15 % in France . In the U.S. , women and older respondents place more importance on religion and are more likely than men and younger people to say that faith in God is a necessary foundation for morality and good values . About six - in - ten ( 59 % ) American women say religion is very important in their lives , compared with 41 % of men ; and while a majority ( 56 % ) of Americans ages 50 and older say religion is very important
the federal government – three times the percentage among those who feel
. In addition to favoring the Democratic Party on its traditional strengths such as reforming the health care system and protecting the environment , pluralities today also pick the Democrats to handle energy problems , Social Security , and education . On the important issues of the economy and Iraq , the public is more divided , with the Democrats holding only a slight edge . And on the issue of ensuring that the government can handle major disasters , 40 % favor the Democrats , while 34 % choose the Republicans . The single issue that still works to the Republican Party ’s advantage is dealing with the terrorist threat at home ­ 45 % say the Republicans can do a better
for accessing online services and information and for staying connected to the world around them — either because they lack broadband at home , or because they
. In eight of the 10 European nations surveyed , half or more said incoming refugees would increase the likelihood of terrorism in their country . As immigrant populations increased , few Europeans said the resulting cultural diversity made their countries a better place to live . 7Republicans have grown   increasingly skeptical   of   free trade .   About two - thirds of Republicans and Republican - leaning registered voters ( 68 % ) say free trade has been a bad thing for the U.S. , while only 24 % say it
the college - educated , 42 % of whom hold that view . In comparison , there is less enthusiasm for growing commerce with China , although slightly more Americans see doing business with China as a positive rather than a negative ( 51 % good vs. 45 % bad ) . The Japanese are about twice as likely to favor the TPP agreement than not . Roughly half of Japanese ( 52 % ) support Japan ’s participation in the TPP , according to a November 2013 poll by Asahi Shimbun , one of Japan ’s main national newspapers . Only 25 % of respondents would like to see Japan reject
likely still on the upswing in terms of their turnout rates , so it is a reasonable guess that at least 54.5 % of these adults will vote , and perhaps more . We wo n’t know until after November if Boomers and their elders will pass the torch to Gen X and Millennials as a share of voters , but
and online producer jobs were lost , falling from 10,901 to 7,980 . Data from the last three years alone further highlight this job insecurity . From 2010 through 2012 , ASNE recorded an 18 % reduction in full - time photographers , artists and videographers . That compares with a negligible job loss ( 0.2 % ) among copy and layout editors and online
the 1995 - 96 shutdown period when it ranged from 30 % to 35 % . A Pew Research Center survey conducted in late September found that 26 % of Americans were “ angry ” and another 51 % “ frustrated ” at the federal government . About half ( 48 % ) of those surveyed said the main reason Congress ca n’t get things done was that the parties had grown so far apart , while 36 % said the cause was a few members who refuse
has become more prominent . Within the region , many say that Turkey plays a more important role . People in Turkey and Jordan are the most likely to say Turkey ’s role in the region has grown . Israel is the only country where a plurality says Turkey has lost influence over the past decade . This view is more common among Israeli Jews ( 45 % ) than among Israeli Arabs ( 29 % ) . About eight - in - ten in Lebanon say that Iran is more influential in the Middle East today than it was 10 years ago . Large majorities across all religious groups hold this view : 89 % of Shia Muslims
online , while our previous work involved surveying teens by phone . A great deal of previous research has found that the mode of interview — telephone vs. online self - administration — can affect
the retrans
2012 , but by 2014 , California ’s share had dropped below that of Texas . At the other end of the spectrum , the share of students with unauthorized immigrant parents was less than 1 % in six states , mainly in the Midwest and Northeast . Estimates for the nation and each state on the share of students with at least one unauthorized immigrant
who say they benefit a great deal . By comparison , 46 % of whites say whites benefit at least a fair amount from advantages in society that blacks do n’t have , and just 16 % of whites say whites benefit a great deal . Attitudes among Hispanics fall between those of whites and blacks , with about two - thirds of Hispanics ( 65 % ) saying white people benefit a great deal or a fair amount from societal privileges that black people do not have . The gap between Republicans and Democrats also is
force is the best way to defeat terrorism , up 17 points since early last year ; 44 % of independents say the same , up 11 points . Just three - in - ten Democrats ( 30 %
; currently , 76 % of women say they have a favorable impression of Michelle Obama compared with 61 % of men . Among partisans , the largest change since the fall has come among Republicans . Last November , the balance tilted positive ; now Republicans are divided ( 43 % favorable , 45 % unfavorable ) . Among Democrats and independents , opinions of Michelle Obama have shown little change . Sarah Palin ’s overall favorable ratings have slipped in recent months , as the balance of opinion about the former Republican vice presidential nominee is now negative ; 52 % of Americans say they have an unfavorable view of Palin , while 39
. By comparison , a much narrower majority of South Africans ( 53 % ) — the second most likely to rate immigration as a very big problem in their country — shared that view . Majorities of Italians across demographic and regional groups saw immigration as a very big problem , but those who lived in the northern parts of the country were especially likely to say that was the case . About three - quarters ( 74 % ) of those who lived in the north saw immigration as a very big problem in Italy , compared with 54 % in the south , where the recent violence has been concentrated . Italian opinion about the influence immigrants were having on their country
who identify as having lighter skin are about as likely as those with a deeper complexion to say
% say it would be acceptable if another country became as militarily powerful as the U.S
but far less favorable than those in Vietnam ( 84 % ) or the Philippines ( 78 % ) . Indians ’ confidence in Trump is higher than that among Japanese ( 24 % ) or Indonesians ( 23 % ) , but lower than among Filipinos ( 69 % ) or Vietnamese ( 58 % ) . There has been a similar , if less precipitate , decline in favorable public views of China . Indian opinion of China has soured by 15 points since 2015 , with 26 % expressing a favorable view in 2017 . Indian confidence in Chinese President Xi Jinping is low ( 21 % ) , down from 2015 but
) and leisure and hospitality ( 16.7 million ) . Outside of the private sector service industry , about 22.5 million Americans worked in government in July , with nearly two - thirds at the local level . Nearly 12.9 million Americans worked in manufacturing . 4About 16 million Americans are self - employed , according to BLS data from July of this year . But the impact of the self - employed is wider
they prefer the term “ Latino . ” In Florida , results are similar—31 % prefer “ Hispanic ” and 17 % prefer “ Latino . ” The pattern for New York and all other states is nearly the same . Of course , Latinos also have several other terms at their disposal to describe their identity — and these are often preferred over “ Hispanic ” or “ Latino . ” When asked which term they use most often to describe themselves , 54
analysis of the news . The News Coverage Index catalogues the news from top news organizations across five major sectors of the media : newspapers , network television , cable television , radio and the internet . Each week ( from Sunday through Friday ) PEJ will compile this data to identify the
was even higher among graduates of private , for - profit colleges ( 87 %
both economics and geopolitics . U.S. President Donald Trump will attend and is expected to meet individually with Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian President Vladimir Putin , among others . Here are findings from a 2018 Pew Research Center survey that show how people around the world view some of the issues likely to be discussed at the meeting – particularly their attitudes on the economy , the future of work , and trade – as well as their opinions of world leaders who will be present .
crime if more Americans had guns . Nearly two - thirds of Democrats ( 64 % ) say there would be fewer mass shootings in the U.S. if it were harder for people to legally obtain guns ; only about a quarter of Republicans ( 27 % ) say the same . And Republicans are skeptical that making it harder to legally obtain guns would have an effect on mass shootings : 54 % say it would not make a difference , while 18 % think restricting access to guns would lead
. There is a consensus on one aspect of the struggle to curb drug abuse : Most blame peer pressure and bad parents for drug use among teenagers . Approximately eight - in - ten point to these factors , which fall well outside of the realm of public policy . Still , nearly three - quarters pin the blame on the ease with which teens can get drugs , which helps explain the continuing , if diminished , public support for interdiction . Legalization of drugs remains a divisive issue — 49 % favor retaining criminal penalties for possessing small amounts of marijuana , about the same as felt that way in 1985 . But by better
, “ Europe can scarcely contain itself . ” Obama T - shirts have been spotted on the streets of Berlin and the internet is full of Facebook groups with names like Brits for Barack and France 4
to do what is right , which falls far short of the ratings for Japan ’s Shinzo or India ’
is that congressional Democrats will not do enough to oppose Trump and his policies . Just 20 % say they are more concerned that Democrats in Congress will go too far opposing Trump and his policies . GOP leaders ’ job approval improves . Job approval for Republican congressional leaders has increased sharply – from 19 % to 34 % – since September 2015 . In contrast , there has been little change in Democratic leaders ’ job ratings ( 34 % then , 37 % now ) . The rise in approval of GOP leaders is largely attributable to a turnaround among Republicans : 68 % approve of GOP leaders ’ performance now ; only 26 % did so
group whose members claim vaccinations are unsafe and ineffective . A Pew Research Center report released last week shows that a majority of Americans say children should be required to get vacci
) By contrast , crimes perpetrated against other religious groups more often involved property offenses , such as vandalism or theft . For example , 64 % of anti - Jewish and 51 % of anti - Catholic offenses in 2015 involved vandalism , compared with just 23 % of anti - Muslim offenses . Most Americans say there is “ a lot ” of discrimination against Muslims in the United States today – roughly six - in - ten U.S. adults ( 59 % ) said this in a January 2016 Pew Research Center   survey . About three - quarters of Americans ( 76 % ) also said discrimination against Muslims in the U.S.
the ultimatum – but it is clear that the military comes into this crisis with a stronger public image than many of the country ’s key political players . For example , the March survey found mixed views regarding the nation ’s largest political parties . About half ( 52 % ) had a favorable opinion of the FJP , while 44 % expressed a negative view . Meanwhile , ratings for both the NSF ( 45 % favorable , 52 % unfavorable ) and al - Nour ( 40 % favorable , 52 % unfavorable ) were on
. This is consistent with a recent report by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , which found that in general the public believes that news organizations devote too little coverage to the challenges and experiences of U.S. soldiers , both in Iraq and in the United States . ( See “ Iraq News Less Dominant : Still Important , ” Nov. 9 , 2007 ) . Interest in events on the ground in Iraq also remained high last week : 31 % followed the war very closely and 17 % listed it as their most closely followed news story . The public continues to express less interest in the debate in Washington over
” that is , developing nations mostly in the Southern Hemisphere . In fact , there were more Protestants living in Nigeria that year than in Germany . The largest share of Protestants around the world ( roughly 20 % ) lived in the U.S. , which was , during the colonial era , largely settled by Puritans and other Protestants from Europe . 2The share of Protestants among U.S. adults is in decline , falling from 51 % in 2007 to 47 % in 2014 . The decline is most pronounced among people who identify with mainline Protestant denominations , such as the United Methodist Church and the Evangelical Lutheran
issue . There are also clear differences based on one ’s own personal experience with online harassment . Almost half ( 49 % ) of those who have experienced some type of harassing behavior – including 55 % of those who have experienced severe types of harassment – feel that law enforcement does not take online harassment incidents seriously enough . This figure drops to 37 % among those who have not experienced any type of online harassment themselves . 8A large majority of the public says anonymity is a key factor in online harassment . Nearly nine - in - ten Americans ( 89 % ) say the ability to post anonymous
. For example , in 2012 , the richest 5 % of black households ( those with incomes of at least $ 134,883 ) received 22 % of aggregate black household income ,
believers has become more common over time . In March 2002 , just months after 9/11 , only 25 % of Americans said Islam is more likely to encourage violence , but this jumped to 44 % by July 2003 . And the last time we asked the question , in September 2014 , fully half of Americans ( 50 % ) expressed this view . It remains to be seen whether the improvement in French attitudes toward that country ’s Muslim minority will hold , but the topic of Islam in French
. These are some of the key findings from a Pew Research Center survey conducted among 1,009 adults in Japan , between March 8 and April 2 , 2017 . Along with a democratically elected government , another defining feature of Japan ’s post - WWII existence has been its close relationship with the United States . Japanese attitudes toward America have oscillated over the past decade , but in 2017 public opinion about both the U.S. and its newly elected president took a decidedly negative turn . Today , just 57 % of Japanese see the U.S. favorably – down 15 percentage points from a year ago . This is the steepest
Since 2013 , there has been a 10 - percentage - point increase in those naming inflation and a 10 - point decrease in those Venezuelans choosing unemployment , once again pointing to the seriousness
event . Notably , 43 % of East Germans , but only 32 % of West Germans , name the collapse of the Iron Curtain as the most significant event . ( For more on German views about the end of the Cold War see The Pulse of Europe 2009 . ) A
the information about the spill coming from the federal government ; just about one - third ( 34 % ) said the same about information from BP . News organizations received the most confidence from the public , with 64 % saying they trusted
) say immigrants strengthen the country “ because of their hard work and talents . ” Just 26 % say immigrants are a burden “ because
Index , which found just 17 % of campaign news stories giving a substantial amount of coverage to McCain , compared with 30 % for Clinton and 72 % for Obama . Fewer Americans heard about Senator McCain ’s visit to Iraq and the Middle East than heard about Obama ’s speech or the Rev. Wright videos . Only about one - in - five Americans heard a lot about either McCain ’s trip to the Middle East ( 22 % ) where he planned to strengthen his foreign
.1 Just over a third ( 36 % ) said they have little or no confidence in Modi to do the right thing in world affairs , while only 1 % expressed confidence in Modi . Negative views of the United States still prevail in Pakistan . Only 14 % give the U.S. a favorable rating , and just 7 % have confidence in President Barack Obama . Still , the percentage of Pakistanis voicing a negative view of the U.S. and Obama has declined slightly over the last few years . Though a majority of people in Pakistan are still unhappy with the country ’s
the monthly estimate of open positions has been above 5.5 million for all but one month since the start of 2016 , a sign of the U.S. economy ’s relative health . In July 2009 , just past the trough of the Great Recession , employers reported fewer than 2.2 million job openings , the lowest total since the Bureau of Labor Statistics began collecting JOLTS data in 2000 . Another way of looking at the vacancies data is the job openings rate , which is calculated by dividing the total number of openings by the sum of total employment and openings .
Voters who cast their ballots for President - elect Joe Biden are much more hopeful than Biden supporters were in June : 72 % now say they are hopeful about the country , compared with 42 % then . There also has been a sharp decline in the share of Biden supporters who feel angry , from 80 % then to 56 % now . Meanwhile , the share of Biden supporters who feel proud about the state of the country has tripled from a very low level in June , rising from 7 % to 22 % . Trump
one of the more   seasonably variable industries when it comes to payroll jobs ( though not the only one — construction , leisure and hospitality , and education , among others , also exhibit strong seasonal employment patterns ) . Retail payrolls surge in November and December as stores hire for holiday shopping — typically jumping 3 % to 4 % between October and December . Last year , for example , retailers added 626,200 jobs in November and December , representing a 4.1
speed is . When asked what download speed they have for their own home internet service , 47 % were not able to provide an answer . The remaining users offered a range of estimates , from 10 megabits per second or less ( which is how 5 % of current subscribers describe their connection speed ) to
they have control over who can access information about their on- and offline purchases , compared with 69 % of black adults and 66 % of Hispanic adults . CORRECTION : In the chart , “ Majority of Americans feel as if they have little control over data collected about them by companies and the government , ” the explanatory text for the findings related to “ Risks outweigh benefits ” was transcribed incorrectly . The correct text is , “ Potential risks of
) . Among white Americans , who are less likely to find the issue very important to their vote in 2016 , 41 % think race is given too much attention in the U.S. , and fewer ( 28 % ) say it gets paid the right amount of attention . White Republicans are especially likely to say the issue of race is paid too much attention in this country today : Roughly six - in - ten ( 59 % ) think this is the case ; 11 % think it ’
the prior year . Latinos make up 15 percent of the total U.S. population , and in many respects their downbeat assessment of the nation ’s economy is similar to that of the general population . According to a recent survey from the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press ( December 2008 ) , almost six - in - ten ( 59 % ) say the U.S. economy is in poor condition , a belief held by 63 % of Latinos . And similar shares of the general U.S. population and Latinos say that jobs are difficult to find where they live—73
change . About half of Clinton supporters ( 51 % ) say climate scientists understand very well whether or not climate change is occurring compared with just 17 % of Trump supporters who believe that . Clinton and Trump backers   are similarly divided over whether climate scientists understand the causes of climate change : 41 %
makeup was considered . We also could see in which generation
a favorable view of the South Asian nation . Notably , around one - in - five Japanese voice no opinion about India . At least half of Japanese have been positively disposed toward India for the last decade , but the current approval is down from its peak of 70 %
Family and friends , both new and old , are the most common types of connections in users ’ Facebook networks . Parents are more likely to be Facebook friends with their parents than non - parents , 53 %
. Among Germans , 52 % say these American troops are vital for German national security , although only 15 % claim they are very important . And 45 % of Germans say the bases are not important , including 15 % who say they are not at all important . 8 Americans are generally OK with European defense spending at current levels , but Germans are more divided about their own country ’s defense spending . Half of Americans say that their European allies should keep national defense spending at current levels
. Among both Republicans and Democrats , however , majorities place the U.S. among the greatest nations , rather than saying it stands above others or that other nations are superior . In the new survey , 60 % of Democrats and 52 % of Republicans say the U.S. is one of the greatest countries in the world , again little changed from 2015 . While the view that there are countries better than the U.S.
the balance of opinion was the reverse : 53 % said building a
. In addition , nearly half of American Catholics say the church should recognize the marriages of gay and lesbian couples . The data also show that many Catholics believe that in the near future the church will make key changes in its handling of family matters . Indeed , about six - in - ten U.S. Catholics say they think the church will reverse its ban on birth control in the coming decades , while more than half say they think the church will soon allow cohabiting Catholics and those who have remarried without an annulment to receive Communion . Fewer Catholics think the church will recognize the marriages of gay and lesbian couples in the
years , while only about a quarter of coups that took place during the Cold War did
) , the number of unaccompanied children caught at the U.S.-Mexico border rose 88 % compared with the same period in fiscal 2013 ( U.S. Customs and Border Patrol , 2014 ) . The Pew Research Center has not tested public opinion on the idea of broadened temporary relief from deportation for some categories of unauthorized immigrants .
the same content . In our survey we examined three of these interactive behaviors : texting someone else watching the same program in a different location ( 23 % of cell owners have done this in the last 30 days ) , posting one ’s own comments online about a program ( 11 %
the specific motivations examined in this survey . At the same time , there is not always such a direct relationship between book reading and overall reading for specific purposes . As noted earlier in this report , young adults are more likely to read books than older adults . And when asked about specific reasons why they might read a range of content , these young adults are much more likely than older adults to say that they read for work or school , or to research a specific topic of interest . However , Americans of all ages are equally likely to indicate that they
workers can access paid family leave , as can 27 %
’s risk of serious diseases and illnesses : Roughly half ( 50 % ) say they would definitely
political parties have grown so far apart that they ca n’
and other social media platforms – whether those messages are “ true or fake . ” 5Roughly three - in - four Indians ( 77
women are more likely than men to say that law enforcement currently does not take online harassment incidents seriously enough ( 46 % vs. 39 %
country . However , more recent polling indicates that views of Chavez have grown more critical in Venezuela . For example , a poll conducted from May to June 2008 by the Venezuelan polling firm Alfredo Keller y Asociados ( AKSA ) indicated that 47 % had a positive opinion of Chavez , down from 59 % one year earlier and 64 % in 2006 . With the referendum less than a week away , recent polls suggest that there may be a close vote on the constitutional amendment . The Economist reported in its Feb. 5 issue that reputable opinion polls show the referendum passing by a small margin.1
the latest weekly News Interest Index survey , conducted Sept. 8 - 11 by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press among 1,010 adults . These two topics – the 9/11 anniversary and the economy ’s
question in Pew Research Center polling . Note : Here are the questions used for this report , along with responses , and its methodology
those with relatively high household incomes and those younger than 45 are most exposed to these services
% ) . 2Few voters think gender will hurt Clinton this fall . Only about one - in - ten registered voters ( 12 % ) say the fact that Clinton is a woman will hurt her this fall . Most say it will either help her ( 40 % ) or not make a difference ( 45 % ) . There is little difference in these views along partisan lines , but there are modest differences in these perceptions between men and women voters : Overall , 47 % of women and 43 % of men say Clinton ’s gender wo
. Today , the public is somewhat more likely to express reservations about the use of pre - emptive force than it was eight years ago , when Pew Research Center last asked the question . In November 2009 , during President Barack Obama ’s first year in office and amid debate about drawing down U.S. troop levels in Iraq , 52 % of Americans said the use of pre - emptive military force by the U.S
is a weekly survey conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press aimed at gauging the public ’s interest in and
. A survey conducted by the Center in February - March 2018 showed that Republicans are far less likely than Democrats to say the national news media do very well at keeping them informed ( 11 % of Republicans say this vs. 27 % of Democrats , not including independents who lean toward either party ) and at dealing fairly with all sides ( 13 % vs. 47 % ) . Republicans are also much less likely than Democrats to have a lot of trust in the information they get from either national news organizations ( 12 % vs. 35 % ) or local news organizations ( 23 % vs. 37 % ) .
. In July , 26 % of independents approved of the GOP leaders and 25 % approved of Democratic leaders . Nine - in - ten Republicans say they disapprove of the job being done by Democratic leaders in Congress , while 82 % of Democrats disapprove of the job being done by GOP leaders . Among independents , 64 % give a negative performance rating to the GOP leaders , while 60 % disapprove of the job being done by Democratic leaders . Public views of Congress ’ accomplishments have changed little since June . Today , 36 % say Congress has accomplished less than other recent Congresses , 37 % say it has
) . This is a higher level of commitment than for nonblack Muslims ( 62 % ) . Black Muslims are also more likely than other Muslims in the U.S.
the hurricane and its aftermath .
% of those 50 - 64 , and 54 % of those 65 + ) . Whites are more likely than nonwhites   to say they are worn out by the amount of coverage ( 62 % vs. 54 % ) , while women ( 62 % ) are somewhat more likely than men ( 56 % ) . Independents ( 65 % ) are more likely than both Republicans and Democrats to say this ( 54 % and 55 % , respectively )
them “ a lot ” when they see other people leave lights and electronic devices on ( 62 % ) , or throw away things that could be recycled ( 61 % ) . And , sizeable minorities of environmentally conscious Americans are bothered a lot by people incorrectly putting trash in recycling bins ( 42 % ) or people driving places that are close enough to walk ( 34 % ) . The least irksome behavior is drinking from a disposable water
the economic situation in the Philippines is good , while only 20 %
. In the Pew Research Center ’s analysis of 12 surveys of registered voters conducted by major national polling organizations in June and July 2004 , the average of all polls found Kerry with 46.6 % and Bush with 45.6 % . Candidate support in the 12 polls has , on average , varied only by about two percentage points ( 2.1 % ) from these overall measures.1 This is on par with the variability of polls conducted during this period in the past six presidential campaigns , and is well within the range that would be expected given the margin of error.
sample of approximately 1,000 adults , 18 years of age or older , conducted under the direction of ORC ( Opinion Research Corporation ) . For results based on the total sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the error attributable to sampling is plus or minus 4 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about
s say they do n’t spend enough time with their kids , compared with 28 % of moms who work part time or who are not employed . For both dads and moms who say they spend too little time with their kids , work obligations are cited most often as the main reason : 62 % of dads and 54 % of moms say this is the case . However , a sizable share of fathers ( 20 % ) say the main reason they spend
( 82 % ) correctly state that the Supreme Court has ruled against this practice . The U.S. Supreme Court , meanwhile , has indicated that it ’s fine for teachers to read from the Bible in class as an example of literature , but just 13 % of Southern teens in public school and 8 % of public school teens overall say they have ever had a teacher do this . Note : See full topline results and methodology
people consider the most threatening to the U.S. : Republicans are more than twice as likely to name China as they are any other country ( 32 % ) , while Democrats name China second – behind Russia – as the most threatening
to Oct. 13 , 2014 . AAAS is the world ’s largest general scientific society , and includes members from all scientific fields . Founded in 1848 , AAAS publishes Science , one of the most widely circulated peer - reviewed scientific journals in the world . Membership in AAAS is open to all . The survey was conducted under the direction of Princeton Survey Research
him to do what is right , which falls far short of the ratings for Japan ’s Shinzo or India
the clapping hands emoji makes the top list across all five nations except Canada . New Zealand legislators appear uniquely likely to use facial expression emoj
and this coincided with an improvement in attitudes toward the U.S. Today , German confidence in Trump is low , and U.S. favorability is near where it was at the end of the Bush years . Mexico and Canada : Ratings plunge among America ’s closest neighbors America ’s image has turned negative in the two nations with which it shares a border . Over the past decade , U.S.
electorate overall ( 3.1 million eligible voters ) , trailing only California ( 7.9 million ) and Texas ( 5.6 million ) . The Latino share of Florida ’s electorate rose by 9 percentage points between 2000 and 2018 , from 11 % of eligible voters to 20 % . Nationally , a record 32 million Latinos are eligible to vote in 2020 . ( It ’s important to keep
the presidential debate coverage : 41 % said they watched all of the debate coverage and 32 % said they watched some . Only 20 % said they did n’t
, 66 % say the economy is recovering but not so strongly , 26 % say the economy is n’t recovering at all , while just 6 % think the economy is recovering strongly . Views of ACA Little Changed . As other recent national polls have shown , including the April health care tracking survey by the Kaiser Family Foundation , the recent surge in signups for the new health care exchanges has had little impact on public opinion about the Affordable Care Act . In
who say it would be difficult to meet expenses . Differences between Hispanics and U.S. adults on how they view the COVID-19 outbreak are wider among Republicans than Democrats . Around six - in - ten Hispanic Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 62 % ) say the coronavirus outbreak is a major threat to the health of the U.S. population , compared with 33 % of Republicans and GOP
) or mainline ( e.
amount of U.S. debt held by Beijing , the U.S.-China trade deficit and the loss of American jobs to China . But it ’s not just economic issues that trouble Americans . They are also worried about cyberattacks , Beijing ’s human rights record , China ’
group surged during the Great Recession and sluggish recovery , peaking at nearly 7
Similarly , support for laws preventing the mentally ill from buying guns draw comparable levels of support from those who prioritize protecting gun rights ( 82 % ) and those who say it is more important to control gun ownership ( 77 % ) . However , those who say it is more important to control gun ownership are 31 percentage points more likely than those who prioritize gun rights to favor a government database to track gun sales ( 85 % v s. 54 % ) , and 30 points more likely to support an assault weapons ( 71 % vs. 41 % ) . The survey finds that overall public views of the political influence of the
of the news . The News Coverage Index catalogues the news from top news organizations across five major sectors
such incidents , compared with 28 % in Britain , 25 % in Spain and 19 %
. As is typical with knowledge questions , those with higher levels of education were more likely to answer the questions correctly than those with less education . Notably , there is little relationship between knowledge of swine flu and concern over exposure
to have an overall negative assessment of him or his administration – that is , had at least twice as many negative as positive statements . Just over half of stories that had a tweet from Trump ( 54 % ) had a negative assessment , 12 percentage points higher than stories that did not contain any of his tweets ( 42 % ) .
which are considered more effective than other means of contraception – rose from 0.4 % in 2005 to 7.1 % by 2013 . Pregnancy prevention programs and messages directed toward teens may also have played a role . A 2014 Brookings report found that reality TV shows that follow the struggles of teen mothers like the MTV programs 16 and Pregnant and Teen Mom may have contributed to up to a third of the decline in teen births from June 2009 , when they began airing , through the end of 2010 . It ’s worth noting that birth rate figures only include live births . In
The current demographic composition of the country guarantees that the next generation will be even more diverse than Millennials . The unique demographic profiles of the generations are unlikely to change a great deal over time and often underlie opinion dynamics on issues.3 In addition to their racial and ethnic composition , the generations also differ in life - shaping behaviors , such as marriage – behaviors that are not cast by the composition of a cohort but are informed by
phone , if that person was an adult
. 4Education is linked to views on a variety of science issues , including the safety of genetically modified foods and nuclear power . A majority ( 57 % ) of Americans with a postgraduate degree consider genetically modified foods safe to eat , while 62 % of Americans with a high school degree or less say they are generally unsafe . And 48 % of those with more science knowledge ( those who answered at least five of six science knowledge questions correctly ) say genetically modified foods are safe to eat , compared with 26 % of those having less science knowledge ( those who answered four or fewer of six science knowledge questions correctly ) .
for Germany , 10 million .
Obama is running ahead of George W. Bush , but behind where both Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton , whose unexpected troubles revealed themselves
is on the rise , where roughly one - in - five say they could not afford food , health care or clothing at some point in the past year . The euro crisis has created a southern challenge for the European Union . Spain , Italy and Greece have suffered greatly during the economic downturn . And the public mood in these countries is extremely bleak in both absolute and relative terms . More than seven - in - ten Spanish ( 79 % ) and Greeks ( 72 % ) say economic conditions are very bad . A majority of Italians ( 58 % ) say the same . This compares with a median of 28 % for the rest of Europe . More than
LGBT adults are evangelical Protestants , while a quarter ( 24 % ) are mainline Protestants and one - in - five ( 20 % ) are Catholic . Some LGBT adults say they feel a conflict between their religious beliefs and their sexual orientation
– is at its highest point on record ( 54 % approve of the law ) , according to a Pew Research Center survey last month . In a separate survey in January , 60 % said the government has a responsibility to provide health coverage for all , the highest share in nearly a decade .
care are carried out is to put them in writing . Nearly all Americans know what a “ living will ” is , and most have given at least some thought to their own wishes regarding medical treatment
than during the entire decades of the 1970s , 1980s or 1990s . This escalated loss of migrants fueled the island ’s first sustained population decline in its history as a U.S. territory , even as the stateside Puerto Rican
they had not changed certain aspects of their behavior because they believe that taking such measures could make them appear suspicious or that certain activities could trigger additional monitoring : “ I did not change my behavior because it ’s not going to make them stop monitoring me or others . If I change I guess it would send them a red flag to want to monitor me more because it would appear SUSPICIOUS . ” “ I did n’
Today , public views of how he has handled his transition to the White House are the lowest for any president dating back to George H.W
Americans were as likely as the non - disabled to say they were registered to vote — and to
college graduate . Even so , college graduates are the least likely group to be renters .   In 2016 , 29 % of college - educated household heads were renters , compared with 38 % of household heads with a high school degree only or some college experience and 52 %
from the latest survey of Brazil by the Pew Research Center . The survey is based on face - to - face interviews conducted between April 10 and April 30 , 2014 among a representative sample of 1,003 randomly selected adults from across the country . The survey also finds widespread concern about rising prices : 85 %
than for other groups . While 73 % of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents say the federal government does not do enough for older people , a smaller majority of Republicans ( 58 % ) say the same . The partisan gap is much wider in views of government help for younger people . Nearly seven - in - ten Democrats ( 69 % ) say the federal government does not provide enough help for younger people . Republicans are divided : Nearly equal shares say the government does too little ( 29 % ) and too much ( 27 % ) for younger people , while 36 % say it provides about the right
the second generation are most likely to say that all or most of their neighbors share their heritage . Some 41 % of both groups say this . The share that lives in largely Latino neighborhoods falls
21 , 2014 . The surveys interviewed a nationally representative sample of 2,003 American adults ages 18 and older . Telephone interviews were conducted by landline ( 1,002 ) and cell phone ( 1,001 , including 594 without a landline phone ) . Interviews were conducted in English and Spanish by Princeton Data Source from Sept. 11 to 14 , 2014 , and Sept. 18 to 21 , 2014 . Statistical results are weighted to correct known demographic discrepancies . The margin of sampling error
Note : Due to the resignation of Michael G. Grimm ( R - N.Y. ) , this analysis includes one fewer Catholic Republican in the House compared with our initial report on the religious affiliation of the 114th Congress .
( as she did for the 2008 election ) , while Cruz declared in a midnight tweet : “ I ’
and 8 % following a Republican member . 9About half of U.S. adults who follow Donald Trump on Twitter ( 54 % ) view him favorably , compared with just 24 % of adult Twitter users who do n’
region of the world where China ’s image is strongest . 6But the U.S. is even more popular in Africa . A median of 79 % have a positive view of the U.S. A similarly high 77 % express confidence in President Barack Obama to do the right thing in world affairs . America ’s image in Africa has been consistently positive throughout more than a decade of Pew Research Center polling in the region .
: 64 % of these lower - income Americans now own a smartphone . 2Half of younger adults live in a household with three or more smartphones . More than nine - in - ten 18- to 29 - year - olds ( 96 % ) say they live in a household with at least one smartphone , and 51 % of young adults say their home contains three or more such devices . Still , many older adults also live in households with multiple smartphones . For example , 39 % of 30- to 49 - year - olds and 29 % of 50- to 64 - year - olds say
The latest national survey by the Pew Research Center , conducted Jan. 7 - 14 among 2,009 adults , including 1,525 registered voters , finds that 35 % of voters say that Hillary Clinton would make either
( 51 % ) are more likely than white ( 32 % ) or black ( 32
majority ( 55 % ) of Americans held an unfavorable
the rankings . Some quarters call for a national broadband strategy so that the United States can recapture its leadership position and others argue that any government - led strategy would do more harm in the marketplace than good . Rankings - driven policy discussion might be helpful to a point , but the tenor of the current debate obscures two critical
culture , religion and politics . These are among the main findings of a Pew Research Center survey conducted among 24,263 people in 24 emerging and developing economies
now say homosexuality should be accepted , a number that has ticked up 15 points from its low 10 years ago . Republicans today are somewhat more likely than they were a year ago to say homosexuality should be accepted by society . Up until a year ago , a majority of Republicans thought homosexuality should be discouraged by society , but views have since become more mixed . While 41 % of Republicans now say homosexuality should be discouraged , 48 % think it should be accepted by society . Conservative Republicans remain more likely to say homosexuality should be discouraged than say it should be accepted , but just about half say this today ( 49 % ) compared with 63 % in May 2015
Syria is greatest in Israel ( 82 % ) and Jordan (
( 90 % vs. 78 % ) . For Latinos ages 20 to 25 , the native born are more likely to use cell phones than the foreign born ( 90 % versus 70 % ) , but there is no difference between the second and third generation . There are no significant nativity or generational differences in cell phone use for Latinos ages 26 and older . Another indicator of assimilation , English proficiency , is also linked to cell phone use among Latinos ages 16 and older.6 Some 84 % of those who are English dominant use cell phones , compared with 76 % of those who are bilingual and 69 % of those who use primarily Spanish
trust The Daily Show , while less than 1 % of consistent conservatives say the same . 2The Daily Show attracts a much younger news consumer than cable and network news shows . The median age of Web - using adults who got news from The Daily Show was 36 years last year , similar to that of its then - companion show , The Colbert Report ( 33 years ) . This is much younger than for other television news shows , both on cable and broadcast networks , including the network evening news programs and cable news shows like O’Reilly , Anderson Cooper 360 and the Rachel Maddow Show . 3Liberals , men and
million strong , Latinos are the nation ’s largest minority group , comprising nearly 15 %
amount of U.S. debt held by Beijing , the U.S.-China trade deficit and the loss of American jobs to China . But it ’s not just economic issues that trouble Americans . They are also worried about cyberattacks , Beijing ’s human rights record , China ’
Greece . And while Greeks and Europeans alike disapprove of the EU ’s handling of Russia , they disagree on how to deal with Russia . Fully 89 %
to say children are just as well off if their parents work outside the home . 41Stay - at - home moms are poorer , less educated than working moms :   Stay - at - home mothers are younger , poorer and less educated than their working counterparts .   For example , 34 % of stay - at - home mothers are poor , compared with 12 % of working mothers .   They are also less likely to be white and more likely to be immigrants . 51The share of stay - at - home moms in poverty has doubled since 1970 :   While more stay - at - home moms are in poverty — 34 % in 2012
more than four - in - ten in Japan , Australia and South
true for concerns about the affordability of retirement . And people in high - income households are , if anything , slightly more likely than their low - income counterparts to rate the federal budget deficit as a very big problem . Not surprisingly , people in different parts of the country see different problems as
) describes their views as moderate , while 30 % are conservative and 22 % are liberal . These views are largely unchanged from previous election
. The leading source of jobs growth for Hispanics was the hospitality sector — eating , drinking and lodging services — where they gained 326,000 jobs from 2009 to 2011 . They also gained 101,000 jobs in construction . This report analyzes labor market outcomes in the economic recovery for racial and ethnic groups , the native born and the foreign born , and men and women . The recovery is defined as the two - year period from the fourth quarter of 2009 to the fourth quarter of 2011 . Officially , the Great Recession lasted from December 2007 to June 2009 . However , the employment
unrest in the Middle East accounted for 36 % of all news coverage , with coverage of Egypt alone accounting for 30 % of the newshole . Public interest in the ongoing drama in Egypt and the Middle East , while modest , is in line with interest in other overseas protests in recent years . In fact , more than twice as many said they followed the Egyptian protests very closely than the protests in Tunisia a week earlier ( 17 % vs. 7 % ) . However , the dramatic protests in Iran in mid-2009 – and the subsequent government crackdown – attracted much more public interest . Nearly three - in - ten ( 28 % )
education and the promotion of gender equality , among other issues . Not on the agenda is the aging of the global population , which the UN has identified as one of the most significant social transformations of the 21st century . Japan has an especially long history of low fertility , having experienced below - replacement fertility for decades . In 2018 , the Japanese government reported the lowest number of babies born since 1899 , when this data was first collected . Italy recorded its lowest total number of babies born in 2018 , and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says the U.S.
( 25 % ) and higher than the 31 % of Hispanic adults . A similar portion of black Americans ( 47 % ) said they were very closely following the status of nearby hospitals – again about twice the percentage as white adults ( 24 % ) and also substantially higher than the share among Hispanic adults ( 32 % ) . News about the availability of food and other local goods was also more closely tracked by black Americans ( 54 % follow it very closely ) than by white ( 35 % ) or Hispanic adults ( 43 % ) . And about four - in - ten black adults ( 41 % ) said they are very closely following local news related to
parents . The share of U.S. Catholics who are Hispanic has grown by 5 percentage points since 2007 ( from 29 % to 34 % ) , while the percentage of all U.
From these known blocks of numbers , we can randomly generate complete telephone numbers that have a high likelihood of being working cell
news has been very or mostly bad for him . Are you interested in doing your own analysis of the data in our new survey ? Besides getting it through the data tool , you can access it through our API or download the full dataset here . ( You ’ll need to create an account first . You can find more details about how to download Pew Research Center datasets in this blog post . ) We ’ll be updating the tool and datasets regularly throughout the year with findings from future polls . Here are the questions asked for this report , along with responses , and its methodology
are paying more than their fair share . About half ( 52 % ) of those with annual family incomes of $ 100,000 or more say they pay more than their fair share . By comparison , just 30 % of those with family incomes of less than $ 30,000 say they pay more than their fair
Germany . People in the U.S. see their country ’s military bases in Germany as much more important to the security of their country than Germans do : 85 % of Americans believe these bases are important to the U.S
. Among younger age groups , half or more – including 62 % of those under 30 – say they opinion of Obama was unaffected by his gay marriage announcement . The opinions of whites largely reflect the population as a whole : 49 % say Obama ’s expression of support for gay marriage did not alter their opinion of the president . Among those who say it did , somewhat more say it made their view of him less favorable than more ( 29 % vs
the country ’s current and previous presidents , Temer ’s favorability trailed that of his immediate predecessors , according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in March and April . In the spring survey , about one - in - five ( 21 % ) Brazilians had a positive view of Temer , including only 2 % who had a very favorable view of him . About a third ( 34 % ) of the public had a favorable view of Temer ’s former boss , impea
candidate ( 54 % of Sanders supporters , 46 % of Warren supporters ) say it is more important for a Democratic presidential candidate to push hard for policies Democrats want , even if this makes it harder to get things done . The share of Democratic and Democratic - leaning voters who describe their political views as liberal has increased markedly since 2000 , though growth has slowed in recent years . Overall , about half of Democratic voters ( 47 % ) identify as liberal , including 15 % who say they are very liberal .
) , while 126,800 refugees returned to their countries of origin . The refugee counts also   do n’t include “ internally displaced persons ” ( IDPs ) – people who   have been uprooted from their homes by “ armed conflict , situations of generalized violence , violations of human rights or natural- or human - made
) . In addition , nearly seven - in - ten of those under 30 ( 68 % ) say their greater concern about U.S. military action in Iraq is that the U.S. will get too involved in the situation ; just 21 % are more concerned that the U.S. will not go far enough stopping the Islamic militants . Among those 65 and older , about as many are more concerned that the U.S. will get too involved ( 41 % ) as worry it will not do enough to stop the militants ( 39
they may find offensive , the public comes down clearly on the side of free speech . A large majority of adults ( 87 % ) say it ’s more important to allow people to speak their minds freely , even if some students find their views upsetting or offensive , than it is to ensure that students are n’t exposed to views they find upsetting or offensive , even if that limits what people are allowed to say ( 11 % chose this response ) . Republicans and Democrats are largely in agreement on this issue – 91 % of Republicans and 86 %
these changes – or even whether the questionnaire will definitely be translated into Arabic – has n’t been made . A new study presented at the American Association for Public Opinion Research annual conference in May detailed the bureau ’s cognitive testing and focus groups of Arabic speakers not proficient in English to identify the translation and visual display issues that are unique to Arabic and antici
when spending time with their children ( 70 % vs. 55 % ) . There are also differences by educational attainment : Parents with a college degree or higher ( 59 % ) or those with some college experience ( 60 % ) are more likely than those with a high school education or less ( 47 % ) to say they spend too much time on their smartphones . When it comes to feeling distracted by their mobile device , 75 % of parents with a college degree say they are least sometimes distracted by their phone when they are spending time with their kids , compared
) , the Caribbean ( 10 % ) , Central America ( 8 % ) , South America ( 7 % ) , the Middle East and North Africa ( 4 % ) and sub - Saharan Africa ( 5 % ) . More than 1 million immigrants arrive in the
. Overall we found that 9 % of cell owners use Twitter on their phones , with 5 % doing so on a typical day.4 As with general Twitter usage , smartphone owners are much more likely than average to use Twitter on their phones ( overall 16 % of smartphone owners use Twitter on their phones , and 10 % do so on a typical day ) . As with our general Twitter usage findings , cell owners ages 18 - 24 are more likely than older cell owners to use Twitter within the context of their mobile devices — fully one in five 18 - 24 year old
differences by political party across two information types . Democrats and independents who lean to the Democratic Party are more likely than Republicans and Republican leaners ( 41 % vs. 30 % ) to say all Americans should have the right to have data collected by law enforcement permanently deleted . At the same time , Republicans and Republican leaners are a bit more likely than Democrats and Democratic leaners to say all Americans should be able to have financial data collected by their tax preparer permanently deleted ( 83 % vs. 77
) . Lebanon – where Christians outnumber Sunnis and Shiite but no group holds a majority – this pattern does not hold . In fact , Christians who did not report interacting with other religions tended to be more positive toward the other religious groups studied . Sunnis and Shiites showed more mixed results
lot , compared with 21 % and 15 % who say this about Black women and Hispanic women , respectively . Asked about the impact of feminism on other groups of women , a majority of Americans ( 57 % ) say feminism has helped lesbian and bisexual women at least a little , but fewer ( 41 % ) say feminism has helped transgender women . And while about half ( 49 % ) say feminism has helped wealthy and poor women at least a little , more say it ’s helped wealthy women a lot ( 24 % ) than say it ’s been equally helpful to poor women ( 10 % ) . About four - in - ten
immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children . As the number of asylum seekers from Central America and elsewhere has surged at the U.S.-Mexico border , Hispanics are broadly critical of the federal government ’s
quality in the U.S. Most Democrats and those who lean Democratic hold the reverse view : 63 % say it is not possible to cut back on environmental regulations and still effectively protect air and water quality in the U.S. , while 35 % this is possible .
gender they were born into . Religion , age , gender and politics are all connected with views on this issue . For instance , a majority of Americans who say they attend religious services at least weekly – especially white evangelicals – say transgender people should be required to use bathrooms of their gender at birth , while most of those who attend services less often ( particularly people who do not identify with any religion ) take
, while 41 % say they spend too much time on social media . By contrast , only around one - quarter ( 26 % ) believe they spend too much time playing video games – comparable to the share ( 22 % ) who say they spend too little time gaming . Meanwhile , roughly four - in - ten teens say they spend about the right amount of time on social media or gaming . Despite these varying views about screen time , roughly half or more teens say they have tried to limit the amount of time they spend on each technology . Some 52 % have ever cut back on the time they spend on
women in Germany cover their heads every day or almost every day.2 In Great Britain , where the debate over head scarves and veils has become particularly heated following former foreign secretary Jack Straw ’s recent comments that the full - face veil is “ a visible statement of separation and of difference , ”
who have not attended college are substantially more likely to have used their phone for more advanced tasks , such as filling out an online job application or creating a resume or cover letter.2 Overall , 47 % of smartphone job seekers say their phone is “ very important ” in helping them look for job and career resources , and an additional 37 % describe it as “ somewhat important . ” But despite the overall significance of smartphones to these users , many of them have encountered challenges navi
parties are more opposed to increased diversity in their country
) or against Trump ( 48 % ) . The age differences in positive support for Biden are particularly stark among Black voters who support him . Among Black voters ages 50 and older , 68 % say their vote is more for
population . By 2050 , 22 % of Americans will be 65 and older , according to U.S. Census Bureau projections.1 At the same time America is graying , recent Pew Research Center surveys find that seniors are also moving towards more digitally connected lives . Around four - in - ten ( 42 % ) adults ages 65 and older now report owning smartphones , up from just 18 %
, and many of them are in the country illegally . Looking at health insurance coverage by age , the group of Hispanics most likely to be uninsured are immigrant adults of working age — 43 % of Hispanic immigrants ages 18 - 64 say they lack health insurance . Among Hispanic children , more than one - third ( 34 % ) of immigrants ages 18 or under are uninsured , compared with 12 % of Hispanics born in the U.S.
fear that such automation will lead to a worsening of inequality between the rich and poor , and more than seven - in - ten ( 74 % ) think ordinary people will have a hard time finding jobs . But the fact is that without significant immigration there may be a deficit
. Among white Protestants – both those who identify as evangelical and those who do not – favorable opinions of Pope Francis have increased since the decline seen in September 2018
) , were taken into custody , according to U.S. Customs and Border Protection . In June alone , about 10,508 were apprehended by Border Patrol compared with the 27,884 children who were apprehended during all of last fiscal year . The new survey also shows that Hispanics are more likely than U.S. adults overall
names , most ( 52 % ) say they do not know . About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) offer Mitt Romney ’s name when asked which candidate has been called a flip
have . Among Republicans , there is a substantial ideological divide on this question : Nearly eight - in - ten conservative Republicans and Republican leaners ( 79 % ) say a person is more likely to be rich because they worked harder , compared with 49 % among moderate and liberal
immigrant estimate accounts for roughly a quarter of the estimated 3.9 million to 4.8 million unauthorized immigrants living in the 32 European Union and European Free Trade Association ( EFTA ) countries at the end of 2017 . The total number of unauthorized immigrants living in EU and EFTA countries increased since 2014 , when it stood at 3.0 million to 3.7 million . Unauthorized
trade and investment treaty , which is being pushed by the Obama administration , say such an accord would be good for their countries , though Americans are among the least supportive . Majorities or pluralities in five of eight TPP countries say it ’s more important to have strong economic ties with the U.S. than China . On the military side , half or more of the publics in six of ten nations in the U.
the rights of women than their elder counterparts – 46 % of those 18 to 29 believe the government is doing too little , while just 27 % of those 50 and over say the same .
Partisan differences in attitudes about whether the U.S. succeeded in Iraq are not as stark as divisions over the decision to go to war . About half of Republicans ( 48 % ) and just 30 %
s growing economy is a good thing for their country , while a comparable share ( 82 % ) said Chinese investment is a good thing because it creates jobs in their country . In both cases , these shares were the highest out of the 11 emerging economies surveyed by the Center in 2019 . While Nigerians who live close to the Chinese railway project expressed more positive attitudes toward China after the project was completed , there was no consistent relationship between people ’s distance to the project and other China - related questions in the Center ’s survey , such as views toward China ’s growing economy , its increasingly powerful military or Chinese
7.4 vs. 4.5 ) . And respondents 50 and older could correctly answer an average of about two more questions than those under age 30 ( 6.7 vs
change of opinion came among independents and Republicans . Among independents , 66 % said unions had too much power , up from 53 % in 1999 . Three - quarters of Republicans ( 75 % ) last year said that unions had too much power , up from 65 % 10 years earlier . By comparison , 46 % of Democrats concurred
important , compared with 44 % of people in the low - income category . Nearly eight - in - ten Russians in the high - income category ( 78 % ) believe it is important ,
% viewed him negatively . While Biden remains considerably more popular among Democrats than Republicans , Republican views of Biden are relatively unchanged over the last few years , while Democratic opinions have become less positive . Today , 58 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners view Biden favorably , down 15 points from October 2013 , when nearly three - quarters ( 73 % ) did so . Just 17 % of Republicans and Republican leaners have a favorable opinion of Biden , a figure that is little changed over the last several years . _ Of the two most recent past presidents , Bill Clinton remains a more popular figure than George W. Bush
share in urban ( 68 % ) or suburban ( 63 % ) areas . Among whites , 33 % of births in rural areas are to unmarried women , compared with 20 % in urban areas and 26
president in 2002 , these views have risen and fallen dramatically . You can explore the arcs of U.S. favorability ratings in countries around the world by using this interactive chart builder . ( Although the Center does n’t conduct surveys in every country every year , patterns over time should be clear . ) Here ’
s popular culture is often well - regarded abroad . Roughly two - thirds across the countries surveyed like American music , movies and television . Europeans and Asians are particularly likely to find U.S. pop culture appealing , while these types of cultural exports are less popular in several Muslim - majority nations . Despite the doubts sown several years ago by revelations of American spying on foreign leaders and citizens , across the 37 countries polled this spring a median of 54 % believe the U.S
% report hearing nothing at all . In contrast , in many other nations , large majorities are familiar with recent recalls of Chinese products in their countries . Indeed , 96 % of Japanese , 88 % of South Koreans , 81 %
coverage , compared with just 11 % who say that about the campaign . Conversely , a third ( 33 % ) believes the campaign received too much coverage , compared with
across demographic groups . For example , 92 % of adults from households earning $ 75,000 or more a year say they have broadband internet at home , but that share falls to 56 % among those whose annual household income falls below
weapons against the U.S.
) . Women younger than 30 stand out for being the most likely to say feminism is inclusive ( 56 % say it is ) and the least likely to say it ’s outdated ( only 17 % say it is ) . Women with a college degree have somewhat different views on feminism than women with less education . Those with a bachelor ’s degree or more education are more likely to say feminism is em
. Among adults 65 and older , the estimate of daily internet use is 35 points higher in a Web survey than the full sample ( 74 % vs. 39 % ) . Other questions related to internet use , such as social networking , are similarly affected . But even items about non - tech topics show sizeable biases among this age group . Web survey respondents ages 65 and older are 10 points more likely to say they feel very safe walking after dark in their neighborhoods than do
gender . Four - in - ten boys ages 13 to 17 ( 41 % ) say they spend too much time playing video games , nearly four times the share of girls who say the same ( 11 % ) . And a larger share of boys ( 65 % ) than girls ( 50 % ) have cut back on the amount of time they spend playing games . Three - in - ten girls believe they spend too little time playing games , a
% ) , 37 % of independents and 34 % of Democrats say they are following news about the debate very closely . Following a disappointing jobs report on April 5 , the public continues
s budget proposal took up another 12 % and the president ’s policy speech before Congress accounted for another 10 % of the newshole . In the survey , most people ( 88 % ) say
parties ( 86 % of Democrats , 83 % of Republicans ) favor barr
newspaper , television , radio and online news outlets on an ongoing basis . In the most recent week , data relating to news coverage were collected June 20 - 26 ,
has declined from 67 % in 1980 to 60 % in 2013 . About 15.7 million Latinos ages 5 and older who speak Spanish at home speak English less than “ very
” ( 23 % ) or “ somewhat sympathetic ” ( 42 % ) toward immigrants who are in the U.S.
party affiliation has also grown rapidly during this time , and by 2012 had surpassed Republican registrations . In 2014 , 4.8 million Hispanics lived in Florida , making it the third - largest Hispanic population in the nation , behind California and Texas . It is also growing faster than Florida ’s population . Today 24 % of Floridians are Hispanic , up from 17 % in 2000 . Overall , 1.8
them to get ahead in their career , according to our 2013 survey . Among working Millennial mothers ( ages 18 to 32 in 2013 ) , 58 % say that being a working mother makes it harder for them to get ahead at work . Among Millennial fathers who are working , only 19 % say that being a working father makes it harder for them to advance at work . One reason mothers are more likely than fathers to say it ’s harder to get ahead in the workplace may be that women are much more likely than men to experience a variety of family - related career interruptions . About four - in - ten working mothers ( 42
% ) or second - best ( 15 % ) . About a quarter of Boomers ( 26 % ) cite John F. Kennedy . Only among the Silent generation do presidents in office before
, by contrast , are highly confident that Trump will win reelection ( 80 % say he will probably or definitely
, said that the government response would have been faster had most victims been white . This raises the question of whether that racial cleavage was primarily the product of Katrina ’s special circumstances or whether it reflected and magnified longstanding
) , along with about a third of independents ( 34
or that the question is n’t applicable to them because they do n’
. In 26 of 33 surveyed nations , those ages 18 to 29 have more favorable attitudes toward the EU than those ages 50 and older , including in 15 countries that are not EU members . Outside of Europe , these age differences are especially stark in countries like Brazil and Indonesia , where younger adults are 28 percentage points more likely than older adults to see the EU favorably . However , in many countries with statistically significant differences by
) say they followed news about the economy very closely , a level of interest similar to most weeks in recent months . News about the economy made up 7 % of coverage , excluding coverage of the debate in Washington over the federal budget . About three - in - ten ( 31 % ) say they very closely followed news about the candidates for president in 2012 . Republicans are more likely to say they followed this news very closely ( 43 % ) than are
) say their family is OK with talking about politics ; that ’
conditions will get better in a year , just 10 % of Democrats say the same . Four - in - ten Democrats expect economic conditions to get worse over the next year , compared with just 9 % of Republicans ( 31 % of Republicans and 48 % of Democrats expect conditions to stay about the same ) . While economic expectations do not differ by income in the public overall , the picture is very different within each of the two parties . Higher - income Republicans are more likely than those with lower incomes to say that they expect economic conditions to improve in the next year : 68 % of those with family incomes of $ 75,000 or more say
, while 54 % are dissatisfied . Satisfaction with the state of the nation has been below 40 % since last January , hitting a low for the year at 33 % in May. More than eight - in - ten Kerry voters ( 85 % ) say they are dissatisfied with the state of the nation , while just 10 % are satisfied . Bush voters are overwhelmingly satisfied ( 71 % ) , but a sizable minority ( 22 % ) have a negative view of national conditions . By 53%-40 % , more non - voters say they are dissatisfied with the state of the nation . While public interest is dipping , most Americans show at least
) , compared with 22 % of the 1994 group   and 18 % of the 2001 group . ( Stagnant wages and the weak labor market may play a role here as well : Median   weekly earnings for 20- to 24 - year - olds , in constant dollars , fell from $ 510.79
, show more support for increased ties with the U.S. than with Beijing . Supporters of the Kuomintang ( KMT ) , the opposition party that ruled Taiwan for decades prior to 2000 and favors closer relations with the mainland , favor mainland China . Many in Taiwan do not feel particularly close to any major political party , however , and among this group positive feelings for the U.S
) . In Egypt , the gender gap is reversed , with women more likely than men to use their cell phones for texting ( 80 % vs. 65 % ) and for taking pictures or video ( 65 % vs. 53 % ) . There are few gender differences in social networking usage ,
. Among Germans , 52 % say these American troops are vital for German national security , although only 15 % claim they are very important . And 45 % of Germans say the bases are not important , including 15 % who say they are not at all important . 8 Americans are generally OK with European defense spending at current levels , but Germans are more divided about their own country ’s defense spending . Half of Americans say that their European allies should keep national defense spending at current levels
the share of Americans who say they trust the government just about always or most of the time has been below 30 % . Today , 20 % say they trust the government . While the share of Republicans who trust the government has increased during Trump ’s time as president , only 28 % say they trust the government , compared with 12 % of Democrats . Democrats ’ anger at federal government rises . Among both Democrats and Republicans , the dominant feeling toward the federal government is frustration , rather than anger or contentment . Still , roughly a third of Democrats ( 34 % ) say they are angry with the federal government , the highest
the service for home use . In other words , at this very early stage of VoIP ’s life , 3 % of Internet users have considered adopting VoIP technology in the home . This means that approximately 34 million American Internet users have heard of VoIP and 4 million have given thought to using Voice over Internet Protocol service for home telephone service . The survey also found that 11 % of Internet users , or about 14 million Americans , have at one time made a phone
, Turkish Muslims who are more devout show greater approval of Erdogan ’s job performance compared with those who are less religious . The protests that rocked Istanbul in 2013 as a result of plans to redevelop Gezi Park into an Ottoman - era military barracks that would house a shopping mall and luxury hotels , left a deep impression on the Turkish people and were seen at the time as a black - eye for Erdogan ’s international reputation . About half ( 49 % ) say they supported the anti - government protests , such as those in Gezi Park in 2013 , but a robust minority ( 40 % ) opposed them .
, and 64 % expecting the economy to worsen in the next year . In addition , only 22 % in Greece said PM Samaras was doing a good job in dealing with the EU economic crisis . In that same survey , Greeks expressed relatively high levels of anti - American sentiment . Just 39 % in Greece expressed positive views of the U.S. , among the lowest measured in the spring 39 - nation survey . Only publics in Turkey , the Palestinian territories , Egypt , Jordan , and Pakistan thought worse
she is well established in her career to have children . Women who are mothers themselves have somewhat different views on this than women who do n’t have young children . Mothers of children younger than 18 are more likely than other women to say a woman who aspires to high political office should wait until she ’s established in her political career before having children . About one - third ( 36 % ) of mothers say a woman who wants to reach this type of position is better off
issue particularly closely : Just 19 % of home - sharing users have heard “ a lot ” about it , while 37 % have heard “ a little . ” But although home - sharing users have not been following the legal debate over these services with nearly the same intensity as their ride - hailing counterparts , those home - sharing users who have been following this issue tend to feel that these services should be both legal and tax - free for owners . Among home - sharing users who are aware of the legal debate over these services , 56 % believe that these services should be legal , and that owners should not
companies censor political speech that those companies find objectionable , that
Trends Project , December . https://www.pewresearch.org/hispanic/2007
— at that time , 46 % thought the tragic events reflected broader societal problems . Those who see broader social problems behind the shooting offer a variety of explanations . When asked to describe , in their own words , what the
) and highest in Spain ( 24 % ) , and upper - income shares ranged from 6 % in Norway to 14 % in the UK . 4Incomes of middle - class households in the U.S. are greater than the incomes of most Western European middle classes
but more likely to read a newspaper online , and more likely to read a news
the error attributable to sampling is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’
Party . In our July survey , just 32 % overall had a favorable impression of the Republican Party , while 60 % held an unfavorable
s defined in the Campaign Coverage Index , significant newsmaker means that at least 25 % of the story is about that figure . 2
s in 2019 . These included Maricopa County , Arizona ; Cook County , Illinois ; and Riverside County , California . In 104 U.S. counties , Hispanics made up at least 50 % of the population in 2019 . 5Latinos are among the youngest racial or ethnic groups in the U.S.
effect . At that time , only 11 % of the public rated the economy as excellent or good , with overwhelming majorities of both Democrats ( 84 % ) and Republicans ( 94 % ) rating the national economy
veterans than non - veterans , and 59 % say the same about being patriotic . About a third or more among veterans and the public say veterans are more hard - working than those who have n’
) say they are hearing mostly bad news about real estate values , compared with 42 % of Democrats . For the second week in a row , the public kept its focus on the aftermath of the disaster in Japan , while the fighting in Libya received the most media coverage . Despite the violence and the U.S
26 - 29 say they followed news about problems with care at veterans ’ hospitals very closely and 21 % paid very close attention to news about the IRS losing employee
campaign advertising in these states , people describe what they like and dislike about the candidates in basically the same terms as do people elsewhere , with only small differences in how people explain their favorable views
. Even though the 2017 shift in views of the U.S. and its president is in the opposite direction compared with eight years ago , publics on balance are not necessarily convinced that this will affect bilateral relations with the U.S. The prevailing view among the 37 countries surveyed is that their country ’s relationship
) . This updated version reflects the Center ’s newly revised definition , under which Millennial births
( including 43 % who have a very cold view ) , while just 15 % offer a warm rating . Among Republicans under age 40 , by contrast , more rate college professors warmly ( 47 %
) say the government is doing a bad job – with 58 % saying it is doing a very bad job . When it comes to undocumented immigrants who are currently living in the U.S. illegally , a majority of Americans continue to support
during this time , but there are some distinctions on whether they have found it be essential . Roughly two - thirds of adults under the age of 50 say the internet has been essential for them during the outbreak , compared with 49 % of adults ages 50 to 64 and 31 % of adults
by about a quarter of those who were alive during his presidency : 24 % of Baby Boomers and 25 % of those in the Silent Generation . People ’s views of the best president of their lifetimes are partly tied to their ages . Millennials , who are currently ages 22 to 37 , are far more likely than older generations to name Obama as one of the best presidents in their lifetimes : About six - in - ten Millennials ( 62 % ) view Obama as one of the top two , with nearly half , 46 % , naming him the best president . Older generations are much more likely than
gun rights , 54 % view the NRA ’s influence as appropriate
degree or more , compared with 28 % of those living in the districts with the lowest death rate . However , there are no differences across districts in terms of poverty rates . About equal shares of those living in both the most and least hard - hit places are under the poverty level as defined by the Census Bureau ( 13 % of those in the districts with the highest death rate , 14 % of those in districts with the lowest death rate ) . Note : Here is the   methodology used for the report .
2012 , half ( 50 %
who want more cooperation with the U.S. has increased by 9 points this year , bringing it closer to 2017 levels . 5 Americans want their country to have a closer relationship with Germany than with Russia , while many Germans see value in having close relations with both the U.S. and Russia . Around six - in - ten Americans ( 61 % ) say it is more important for the U.S. to have a close relationship with Germany than with Russia
one - in - twenty people in the labor force , or 8.1 million people in 2012 , but the share is markedly higher in some states , especially those with high shares of unauthorized immigrants in the population ( like Nevada , California and Texas ) . See   our overview on President Obama ’s 2015 State of the Union ,   and read our related fact sheets on privacy and cybersecurity
but that programs like Medicare and Medicaid should be continued ; just 4 % of Americans say the government should not be involved in providing health insurance at all . The issue of the government ’s responsibility in ensuring health coverage remains politically divisive . More than eight - in - ten Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 85 % ) say this responsibility falls to the federal government , while about two - thirds of Republicans and Republican leaners ( 68 % ) say it does not . Still , a majority of Republicans ( 55 % ) say the government “ should continue programs like Medicare and Medicaid for
in order for a man or a woman to be a good spouse or partner . About half of blacks ( 50 % ) and Hispanics ( 49 % ) say that this is very important for a woman , compared with 28 % of whites . Similarly , 49 % of Hispanics and 45 % of blacks say that being well educated is very important for a man , compared with 32 %
are an adequate substitute is open to question . Those who depend on their smartphones to go online encounter constraints with data caps and small screens , and the device is not their “ go to ” tool for personal learning at home . Instead , those with smartphones but not home broadband rely on a kind of “ workaround
55 % ) also is looking forward to next month ’s Super
Hispanics ( the U.S.-born children of immigrant parents ) , these shares were 75 % and 71 % , respectively – slightly below the shares of immigrant Latinos . But for third or higher generation Latinos ( U.S.-born Latinos with U.S.-born parents ) , just two - thirds ( 66 % ) said they will be better off than their parents and 60 % said they expect their kids to be better off . Note : See   full topline results   and methodology ( PDF )
instance , 73 % of black Democrats and 66 % of white Democrats say there are strong or very strong conflicts between white and black people . Adults under the age of 30 are somewhat more likely to report strong or very strong conflicts between older and younger people – 51 % say this , compared with about four - in - ten of those in older age groups .
people in their community were “ only fair , ” while nearly one - in - five ( 18 %
% ) , said that a major reason for the lack of women in top political offices is that many Americans are n’t ready to elect a woman to a higher
— say the Obama administration has deported more unauthorized immigrants than the Bush administration . These findings are from a new national survey of 1,220 Hispanic adults ages 18 and older conducted by landline and cellular
also think refugees will increase terrorism in their country . ( The survey was conducted prior to terrorist attacks in France and Germany that occurred over the summer . ) Additionally , many Europeans believe refugees are a burden to society because they take jobs and social benefits that would otherwise be available to citizens of each nation . Overall , a median of 50 % across the 10 countries surveyed says this . Only in Sweden and Germany do majorities say the opposite – that refugees make their country stronger because of their hard work and talents .
who works hard can find success : 73 % said hard work is very important for getting ahead in life compared to a European median of 35 % . 2Americans tend to prioritize individual liberty , while Europeans tend to value the role of the state to ensure no one in society is in need . Nearly six - in - ten in the U.S. ( 58 % ) believe allowing everyone to pursue their life ’s goals without interference from the state is more important . Majorities in all European nations polled in 2011 said guaranteeing that nobody is in need is more important . 3There is greater tolerance in the U.S.
However , in both countries , more Muslims say such violence is never justified ( 41 % in Lebanon and 39 % in Egypt ) . Shia Muslims in Lebanon ( 39 % ) are more likely than the country ’s Sunni Muslims ( 26 % ) to take the view that violence in the name of Islam is sometimes or often justified . Support for suicide bombing and other violence aimed at civilian targets is most widespread in the Palestinian territories , with 62 % of Muslims saying that such attacks are often or sometimes justified in order to defend
( 69 % vs. 81 % in 2010
belonged to unions , down from 20.1 % in 1983 , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . ( At their peak in 1954 , 34.8 % of all U.S. wage and salary workers belonged to unions , according to the Congressional Research Service . ) While the unionization rate among public - sector workers has held fairly steady over that 30 - year span ( just over a third of government workers are unionized ) , it ’s plummeted in the private sector — from 16.
trust ( 12 %
a dearth of opportunities to get a better job with a different employer . But , in any event , their reported tenure makes clear that the “ job - hopping Millennial ” characterization does not fit the broad Millennial workforce . The trend is different among less - educated young adults . For example , among Millennials with a high school education , 70 % of men and 69 % of women had been with their employer at least 13 months . These proportions are similar to their high - school - educated
.1 Just over a third ( 36 % ) said they have little or no confidence in Modi to do the right thing in world affairs , while only 1 % expressed confidence in Modi . Negative views of the United States still prevail in Pakistan . Only 14 % give the U.S. a favorable rating , and just 7 % have confidence in President Barack Obama . Still , the percentage of Pakistanis voicing a negative view of the U.S. and Obama has declined slightly over the last few years . Though a majority of people in Pakistan are still unhappy with the country ’s
s unannounced visit to Iraq and discussions leading up to the Iraq progress report from Gen. David Petraeus contributed to the story ’s prominence in the news . These findings are based on the most recent installment of the weekly News Interest Index , an ongoing project of the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press . The index , building on the Center ’s longstanding research into public attentiveness to major news stories , examines news interest as it relates to the news media ’s agenda . The weekly survey is conducted in conjunction with The Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News
number of U.S. immigrant visas awarded from fiscal years 2007 to 2017 . ) The majority of Iraqis ( 68 % ) issued special immigrant visas entered the U.S. prior to fiscal 2014 . For Afghans , the opposite is true : Nearly all ( 92 % ) received special visas starting in fiscal 2014 . Changes in visa allowances set by Congress are a key reason for the shifting balance of Iraqi and Afghan special visa recipients . The application process can cost thousands of dollars and typically takes about one to three years to complete . More than 9,000 principal applicants from Afghanistan and almost 100 from Iraq had applications pending
; 28 % said it should be personal growth . Democrats were divided : 43 % said the main purpose of college should be to learn specific skills while 42 % said personal growth . In both parties , those with a bachelor ’s degree or more education were more likely than others in their own party to say that college ’s primary role
. The share of veterans who are Hispanic is expected to nearly double from 7 % to 13 % , while the share who are black is expected to increase from 12 % to 16 % . 4Fewer members of Congress have prior military experience than in the past . As the share of Americans who are veterans has declined , so has the share of Congress members who have previously served in the military . In the current Congress , 20 % of senators and 19 % of representatives had prior military service , down drastically
( for more details , see the methodology from Indians Reflect on Their Country & the World , released March 31 , 2014 ) . Here are the topline results and survey methodology .
group . Florida and Texas are home to the highest shares of Latinos among immigrant eligible voters . About 54 % of naturalized citizens who are eligible voters in Florida are Latino , the highest in the nation . Texas ( 52 % ) is the only other state where Latinos make up at least half of immigrant eligible voters . Nationally , U.S. Hispanics make up 34 % of naturalized citizens who are eligible to vote . Note : This is an update of a post originally published on Sept. 16
relations will lead to increased democracy in Cuba also has risen , though fewer than half ( 43 % ) say they expect Cuba to become more democratic over the next several years . Still , in January just 32 % predicted that Cuba would become more democratic . The latest Pew Research Center survey , conducted July 14 - 20 , 2015 among 2,002 adults , finds that support for renewed U.S. diplomatic relations with Cuba has increased across nearly all partisan groups since January . Currently , 56 % of Republicans say they approve of the U.S
Americans ( 79 % ) now see people like themselves gaining under Obama , just 30 % said they would gain under Bush eight years
% say it is their main source . An analysis of how different generations are getting their news suggests that these trends are likely to continue . In 2010 , for the first time , the internet has surpassed television as the main source of national and international news for people younger than 30 . Since 2007 , the number of 18 to 29 year olds citing the internet as their main source has nearly doubled , from 34 % to 65 % . Over this period , the number of young people citing television as their main news source has dropped from 68 % to 52 % . Among those 30 to 49 , the internet is on track to equal , or
but also spotlights the growing presence of Indians and Indian Americans in American life . Two sitting governors ( Louisiana ’s Bobby Jindal and South Carolina
population grew by 10 % from 1980 to 1990 , and by 8 % from 1990 to 2000 . But as the effects of a decade - long economic recession have mounted , Puerto Ricans – who are U.S
( 59 % ) . Still , all segments of Turkish society say that Turkey should allow fewer refugees into their southern borders . Meanwhile , in the fight against ISIS , only 36 % of Turks wanted to join the anti - Islamic State international coalition led by the U.S. when this survey was fielded . More ( 44 % ) thought they should not join the coalition , although many ( 20 % ) did not offer an opinion . However , at the time , 48 % supported the U.
. About four - in - ten Americans ( 42 % ) say they own an Apple device , such as an iPod , iPhone or iPad . Of that group , 21 % say they followed news about Jobs ’ death more closely than any other story . That is comparable to the 26 % naming the economy as their top story . Among those who do not own an Apple product , Jobs ’ death garnered less interest . About one - in - ten ( 9 % ) say this was their top story , well behind the economy ( 27 % ) . More people under age 30 also named the anti - Wall Street protests as their
) and women ( 49 % ) . Independents also are younger on average than are partisans .
crimes , most Muslims in the U.S
. About half ( 48 % ) of working dads say they spend too little time with their kids , compared with just 26 % of working moms . Most working moms ( 66 % ) say they spend the right amount of time with their kids . It ’
religion is very important in their lives , compared with 41 % of men ; and while a majority ( 56 % ) of Americans ages 50 and older say religion is very important
. Public views of allowing increased offshore oil and gas drilling shifted noticeably last year in response to the Gulf oil leak . Since last summer , they have shifted again . Currently , 57 % favor allowing more oil and gas drilling in U.S. waters , up 13 points since last June ( 44 % ) . Nonetheless , support for expanded offshore drilling remains lower than in February 2010 ( 63 % ) . Since last June , support for expanded offshore oil and gas drilling has increased across most demographic and political groups . Still , while support has jumped by nearly 20 points since then among both
) , the more casual nature of dating today ( 9 % ) , and changing societal expectations , moral or gender roles ( 8 % ) . Technology tops the list of reasons why people think dating has gotten easier
) and leisure and hospitality ( 16.7 million ) . Outside of the private sector service industry , about 22.5 million Americans worked in government in July , with nearly two - thirds at the local level . Nearly 12.9 million Americans worked in manufacturing . 4About 16 million Americans are self - employed , according to BLS data from July of this year . But the impact of the self - employed is wider
( 66 % ) and liberal Democrats (
, and 63 % of those with a college degree , are opposed to an expanded wall . By contrast , a 57 % majority of those with a high school diploma or less education favor expanding the
. Fully 68 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents think there has been too much media coverage of demonstrations , while 18 % think the amount of coverage has been about right and 11 % say there has been too little coverage . By contrast , 43 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners think there has been the right amount of coverage , 29 % think there has been too little and 26 % say there has been too much media coverage of demonstrations these days . Half ( 50 % ) of those ages 65 and older believe there has been too much media coverage of protests , marches and demonstrations these days ; in contrast , 34 % of those 18 to
) , Indonesia ( 81 % ) , Nigeria ( 78 % ) and Tunisia ( 77 % ) , say suicide bombings or other acts of violence that target civilians are never justified . And although
) , with the exception of a brief spike after the killing of Osama bin Laden in May 2011 ( 56 % approve , 38 % disapprove ) . Since December 2012 , Obama has lost the most ground among independents : Currently , only 32 % of independents approve of his job performance while 61 % disapprove . In December , 53 % approved and 39 % disapproved . Obama ’s current rating among independents is only slightly
the current survey , 54 % are optimistic about life over the next half - century while 42 % are pessimistic . People ’
% are white and 11 % are black . Meanwhile , the top birth countries for immigrant eligible voters in New Jersey are India ( 122,000 voters ) , the Dominican Republic ( 103,000 ) and the Philippines ( 63,000 ) . See the table below ( or open it as a PDF ) for detailed characteristics of
) , the UK ( 72 % ) and Germany ( 69 % ) voice favorable views of Muslims . This sentiment is up 11 points in Germany since
the job Trump is doing as president , and 44 % disapprove – the only major demographic group in which more approve than disapprove . Large majorities of blacks ( 88 % ) and Hispanics ( 72 % ) give Trump negative job
in 2017 . Now , a majority ( 61 % ) of all same - sex couples who live together are married . 7Millennials and Generation Z have been at the vanguard of changing views on same - sex marriage . About half of Gen Zers and Millennials say gay and lesbian couples being allowed to marry is a good thing for our society , while 33 % of Gen Xers , 27 % of Boomers and 18 % of Silents say the same , according to the 2019 report . 8Sizable minorities of married people are members of a different religious group than
They do n’t . In the eyes of the Census Bureau , Hispanics can be of any race , any ancestry or any country of origin . This results in varying patterns that relate to where people come from and how they choose to identify themselves on census surveys . For example , nearly all immigrants from Mexico ( 99 %
folks , in all fairness . I mean , Seventh - day Adventist , I do n’t know about . I just do n
analysis of the news . The News Coverage Index catalogues the news from top news organizations across five major sectors of the media : newspapers , network television , cable television , radio and the internet . Each week ( from Sunday through Friday ) PEJ will compile this data to identify the
aid to those in need have shifted since September , with more Americans now saying the government should do more to help the needy , even if it means going deeper
population is projected to reach approximately 10.9 billion , with annual growth of less than 0.1 % – a steep decline from the current rate
who in general oppose the use of animals in scientific research are , perhaps not surprisingly , also more inclined to consider specific uses of genetic engineering of animals to be taking technology too far . There are large differences between these groups when it comes to using animal biotechnology for humans needing an organ or tissue transplant and the idea of using such technology to produce more nutritious meat . To better understand people ’s beliefs about genetic engineering of animals , the survey asked a subset of respondents to explain , in their own words , the main reason behind their view that genetic engineering in each of these circumstances would be taking technology too far . A common refrain
level of English use at work . Two of these surveys , along with a more recent nationwide survey of Latinos taken by the Pew Hispanic Center in October and November of this year , also provide a clear measure of how Hispanics believe that insufficient English language skill is an obstacle to their acceptance in the U.S
of media coverage of the pandemic is more positive across the board , with 71 % of all adults saying journalists have done very or somewhat
have signed a petition on gun policy ( 12 % of gun rights supporters
in the past year . There is one way in which environmentally conscious Americans stand out attitudinally , however . They are much more likely to be bothered when other people waste energy by leaving lights on or not recycling
to immigrants living in the country on another visa who adjust their legal status than to
themselves , followed by 23 % who use “ American ” most often . The survey also finds that when asked which pan - ethnic term they prefer , “ Hispanic ” or “ Latino , ” half ( 50 %
” of thought to the elections , compared with 44 % of Democratic voters . At about this point in the 2010 midterms , overall
, ranking 40th   out of 50 states . But when ranking states with the highest
daily ( 55 % visit several times a day , and 22 % visit about once per day ) . This represents a modest but statistically significant increase from the 70 % of Facebook users who indicated that they visited the site daily in 2015 . Other than this slight uptick among Facebook users , daily engagement for each of the other major social media platforms is generally similar to Pew Research Center findings from 2015 . Instagram and Twitter occupy the middle tier of social media sites in terms of the share of users who log in daily . Roughly half ( 51 % ) of Instagram users access the platform on a daily basis ,
ideology : 35 % of conservative and moderate Democrats say Republicans do n
it was a sign of support . This year , 26 % of voters see their vote as one against Obama while
be held in higher esteem around the world . About a third believes Russia gets the proper amount of respect , which is up from just 16 % in 2012 , the last time the question was asked . 3Many Russians see inherent conflict in their relationship with the West , but few rule out cooperation . According to a recently released Pew Research Center report based on 2015 survey data , overwhelming majorities in Russia believe that their country serves as an important counterbalance to the West ( 85 % ) and that Russian values clash with Western values ( 73 % ) . However , Russians remain open to cooperation with the U.S.
countries with the lowest median ages are in Africa . ( The exception is Afghanistan . ) Four - in - ten Africans are below the age of
) , for instance , say that as a result of the earthquake and tsunami they had trouble obtaining food or clean drinking water , while 18 % experienced electrical blackouts . Overall , 13 % of Japanese say they lost time at work , while one - in - ten reports physical damage to their homes or property . The Japanese public applauds how the country ’
path leading to such an outcome . Nearly half ( 47 % ) in Ukraine would like to negotiate a settlement with separatists and Russia , while only 23 % would prefer to use military force . Those Ukrainians in the east of the country , living outside of Luhans’k , Donets’k and Crimea
influence . Among those who say it is more important to protect gun rights , 54 % view the NRA ’s
majority of Americans ( 54 % ) disapprove of the U.S. government
Democratic rival has eroded . Reflecting this new volatility in the race , the size of the swing vote has increased slightly since the summer , rather than contracting as it typically does as the election approaches . The latest national survey of 1,972 registered voters by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , conducted in two waves over a seven - day period , finds that the president ’s large margin of support in the initial period ( Sept. 8 - 10 ) dissipated in the polling conducted Sept.
. About half of Republicans ( 49 % ) favor the expanded use of nuclear power compared with 41 % of independents and 31 % of Democrats . There were comparable partisan differences in these views last October . Overall , about a quarter of Americans ( 24 % ) think that nuclear power plants in the United States are designed to be safer than those in Japan . A 53 % majority says nuclear plants in this country are designed to be about as safe as nuclear facilities in Japan while 10 % say plants in the United States are less safe . At the time of the Chernobyl
not included in the total number of voting seats . If you know of an additional legislator not included on our list , send us an
% say either the economy is recovering ( 25 % ) or will recover soon ( 27 % ) ; 46 % say an economic recovery is a
workforce , a relatively high share of unauthorized immigrants also worked in industries such as construction ( 12 % ) , leisure and hospitality ( 8 % ) , personal and other services ( 7 %
The current demographic composition of the country guarantees that the next generation will be even more diverse than Millennials . The unique demographic profiles of the generations are unlikely to change a great deal over time and often underlie opinion dynamics on issues.3 In addition to their racial and ethnic composition , the generations also differ in life - shaping behaviors , such as marriage – behaviors that are not cast by the composition of a cohort but are informed by
, few Americans call themselves “ lazy . ” When it comes to politics , the public also is self - critical : Just 34 % say they have “ very great ” or a “ good ” deal of trust and confidence in the political wisdom of the American people . Fully 63 % have “ not very much ” confidence or “ no confidence at all
Food allergies factor into people ’s eating philosophies ; some 26 % of those focused on eating healthy and nutritious food have at least mild food all
) . Death penalty supporters overwhelmingly view it as morally justified : 90 % say that when someone commits a crime like murder , the death penalty
the top levels of leadership in government and business . Here are some key findings about gender gains and gaps in America . 1Women make up 47 % of the U.S. labor force , up from 30 % in 1950 – but growth has stagnated . The share of women in the labor force generally grew throughout the second half of the 20th century , but it has since leveled off . Projections from the Bureau of Labor Statistics indicate that in the coming decades women will continue to make up slightly
is as low as it has been over the last seven years . About half of political independents ( 48 %
black or Hispanic adults all are equally likely to say they have ever used these platforms . At the same time , a small share of U.S. adults report that they found a significant other through online dating
who want broadband . Notably , experienced dial - up users interested in broadband are as likely broadband users to do research related to their jobs on the average day .   This suggests that the need or desire to do work - related tasks at home may be a driver for many of today ’s dial - up users to become tomorrow ’s
than for other groups . While 73 % of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents say the federal government does not do enough for older people , a smaller majority of Republicans ( 58 % ) say the same . The partisan gap is much wider in views of government help for younger people . Nearly seven - in - ten Democrats ( 69 % ) say the federal government does not provide enough help for younger people . Republicans are divided : Nearly equal shares say the government does too little ( 29 % ) and too much ( 27 % ) for younger people , while 36 % say it provides about the right
be less educated than Five Star supporters , and they are more likely to be female . Five Star support is also most prevalent in the south of the country , while the League is strongest in the north . 2Supporters of the two parties differ substantially in their views of immigrants and the benefits that they do – or do not – bring to Italian society . About three - quarters of Italians who identify with the League – which campaigned on a far - right platform focused on reducing immigration – say immigrants are a burden on the Italian economy because they take Italians ’ jobs . About seven - in - ten League supporters also say immigrants increase
but declined most sharply this year . Just 22 % of Canadians and 5 % of Mexicans have at least some confidence in the U.S. president , down from more than eight - in - ten Canadians ( 83 % ) in 2016 and half of Mexicans ( 49 % ) in 2015 .
share of all polling conducted in the U.S. Online polls and automated ( Interactive Voice Response ) polls , or combinations of the two , are collectively more common than live interviewer phone polls and tend to have significantly
NASA . In a January 2015 survey , 68 %
) . Nearly half ( 47 % ) of Americans see China as the world ’s leading economic power , while 31 % say the United States holds that position . As recently as February 2008 , the positions of these two countries were reversed : 41 %
the impact of churches positively . By contrast , only about a third of the religiously unaffiliated ( 34 % ) take a positive
and among all Salvadorans , only 5 % are mainline Protestants and 32 % are evangelical Protestants .
election polls over the past four presidential elections . In these polls the vote margin has been , on average , five points more favorable to the Republican candidates when based on likely voters rather than registered voters . These final estimates of the outcome have generally been very accurate , especially when undecided respondents are allocated to the candidates . Yet the effect of limiting the analysis to likely voters can vary over the course of the campaign cycle , even in just the later months . For example , in September and October of 2008 , most Pew Research surveys found little difference between election estimates based on all registered voters and those we identified as most likely to vote ,
more time in the kitchen . Overall , women spend 52 minutes a day on meal prep , vs. 22 minutes for men . Women in this group who usually prepare meals spend around an hour a day ( 59 minutes ) on average on prep , while men who usually do this spend an average of 39 minutes per day on these tasks . Women without kids who do n’t
this about economic problems , suggesting that Indians continue to confront economic challenges , even if they believe their country is generally on the right
party of compromise , which is what the public wanted lawmakers to do as the prospect loomed of
have ever contacted a public official to express their opinion on gun policy . About one - in - five gun owners ( 21 % ) have done this , including 9 % who say they ’ve done so in the past year . That compares with 12 %
Overall , 13 % of all U.S. adults are former Catholics – people who say they were raised in the faith , but now identify as religious “ nones , ” as Protestants , or with another religion . By contrast , 2 % of U.S. adults are converts to Catholicism – people who now identify as Catholic after having been raised in another religion ( or no religion ) . This
the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News
agree . As with views of Turkey , Sunni Muslims in Lebanon hold significantly more positive views of Saudi Arabia than Shias . Opinions of Iran are remarkably poor . Fewer than one - in - five in Turkey , Israel and Jordan have positive views of Iran . Jordan ’s extremely negative views are similar to views in 2015 , but have soured substantially since 2006 – the first time the question was asked in Jordan – when roughly half ( 49 % ) viewed Iran favorably . Compared with its neighbors , Lebanon
list of priorities – just 31 % rate it as a top priority – 52 %
’s U.S. and Canadian users visited the site , used its Messenger app or or shared content with Facebook friends via an affiliated third party . That compares with 69 % of European users , 54 % of Asian users and
than did either liberal Democrats or conservative and moderate Democrats ( 24 % each ) or moderate and liberal Republicans ( 14 % ) . The conservative tilt among Republicans who voted in the past three elections is reflected in some of their attitudes about government . Just 18 % of Republicans who voted in 2012 , 2014 and 2016 said that government should do more to solve problems . Among Republican drop - off voters , just 36 % said this ; and among Republicans who did n’t vote in 2012 , 2014 or 2016 , half ( 50 % ) favored more activist government . Democrats , regardless of their voting frequency , generally agreed that government should do
. The higher the score , the more likely a respondent had expressed nationalist , anti - immigrant and anti - religious   minority sentiments during the survey . Scores on the scale range from 0 to 10 . Relatively few adults in every country surveyed score above 5 on the scale . But there is considerable variation across countries . In Sweden , just 8 % of those surveyed scored higher than 5 , the lowest amount in any country , while in Italy , 38 % did , the highest share in any country . In most countries , the share scoring 5.01
they follow people with similar political views than those who do n’t tweet about politics . However , reflecting differences between partisans among all Twitter users generally , a larger share of Democrats ( 45 % ) than Republicans ( 25 % ) who tweet about national politics say they mostly follow people with political views that are similar to their own . Partisans who tweet about national politics are more likely than those who do not to give members of the other party a “ very cold ” rating ( a rating of less than 25 degrees on
) . In January 2011 , like today , opinions were mixed : 28 % said Obama ’s policies made conditions better , 31 % worse and 35 % said they had had no effect . There are wide partisan gaps in views of the impact of Obama ’s economic policies , as well as in economic perceptions and economic optimism . About seven - in - ten Republicans ( 71 % ) say Obama ’s economic policies have made economic conditions worse ;
the war on drugs , are generally popular among Filipinos . A 57 % majority say they are satisfied with the way things are going in their country , up
% say they have some confidence . About three - in - ten ( 28 % ) say they have very little or no confidence at all in the future
championship and the Peruvian murder - confession story . Nearly twice as many men as women followed the NBA finals very closely ( 20 % vs. 11 % ) ; more women ( 29 % ) than men ( 17 % ) followed the Peruvian murder case very closely . About one - in - five people ( 22 % ) heard a lot about Helen Thomas ’ resignation as a Hearst political columnist , following a controversial remark she made about Israel , and as many ( 22 % ) heard a lot about a U.S
. Since 2009 , the number of first - time , full - time freshmen has come down somewhat ( from 2.5 million to 2.4 million in 2013 ) . How can anyone know what college enrollment will look like a decade into the future ? No projection is perfect and there are many unforeseen factors , such as the economy ’s performance and how successful parents and schools are in getting students to graduate from high school .
while an additional 44 % have heard a little ; just 12 % have heard nothing at all about the talks . By contrast , public awareness of the 2015 Iran deal in this survey was much more modest : Just 27 % said they have heard a lot about the 2015 Iran nuclear agreement , 46 % a little , and 26 % nothing at all . ( Note : This survey was conducted before President Trump ’s May 8 announcement that the U.S
but has not naturalized . Soon to be eligible immigrant : Legal permanent resident who will become an eligible immigrant ( i.e. , will meet the age and length of stay
Survey . The weighting procedure also accounts for the fact that respondents with both landline and cell phones have a greater probability of being included in the combined sample and adjusts for household size within the landline sample . Sampling errors and statistical tests of significance take into account the effect of weighting . The following table shows the error attributable to sampling that would be expected at the 95 % level of confidence for different groups in the survey : In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce
The median number of followers for the current minority and majority leaders across both chambers was 424,950 . The median past presidential candidate – including candidates in the 2008 , 2012 or 2016 elections – had 1,000,073 page followers . By contrast , the average member of the House and Senate had a much smaller online audience , with a median of 12,106 and 31,255 followers , respectively . Looking at Congress as a whole , more Facebook users follow congressional Democrats ’ official pages than Republicans ’ pages . The median number of followers for Democratic members of the 115th Congress in the House was 14,676 , compared with
who see this as unacceptable ( 36 % ) . 6On another topic Pope Francis has brought to the fore – poverty and its relationship with climate change – most U.S. Catholics ( 62 % ) say working to help the poor and needy is essential to what being Catholic means to them . But fewer ( 41 % ) say it is a sin to buy luxury goods without contributing to the poor . And fewer still express concerns about environmental issues in a religious context : 29 % say working to address climate change ( as urged by Pope Francis in an en
, but fewer men ( 42 % ) say the same . And while a majority ( 63 % ) of adults younger than 30 believe the U.S. has such a responsibility , only about four - in - ten older adults ( 43 % ) say the U.S. has a responsibility to take in Syrian refugees . There also are sizable gender and age differences in views of the missile strikes and on whether Trump has a clear plan for addressing the Syrian situation
country while 33 % were not . On this score , China far outstrips India , where only 41 % say they are content with national conditions . And in China , the level of satisfaction is more than three times higher than in Russia , where only 23 %
) . 9Online news that comes via emails and texts from friends or family is the type of news encounter most likely to result in a follow - up action .   Among the five pathways studied , news instances spurred by emails and texts from friends or family elicited the most activity ; nearly three - quarters
( 82 % ) and that having faced more obstacles has more to do with why someone is poor ( 86 % ) . Opinions among Republicans and Republican leaners are more divided : 53 % say hard work has more to do with why a person is rich , while 45 % say it is because they have more advantages . In views of why a person is poor , 55 % of Republicans say it is more because they have faced obstacles most others have not , while 42 % say it is more because they have not worked as hard as most others . Views of why people are rich have changed significantly over the past few
as a nation have improved considerably since the 2005 survey was conducted . ( For example , from 2003 to 2008 , relatively few in Indonesia had a favorable opinion of the U.S.
the new survey , only about half as many ( 16 % ) favor the former House speaker . Despite Santorum ’s strong showing in the Iowa caucuses , where he
men ( 13 % ) in this year ’s survey to say they have been called offensive names . Meanwhile , most Muslims ( 62 % ) say Americans do not view Islam as part of mainstream American society . In fact , a plurality of U.S. adults ( 50 % ) say they do n’
vote . Here are the six most important take - aways from Census Bureau data : 1 . For the first time ever , the black voter turnout rate in a presidential election exceeded the white voter turnout rate—66.2 % versus 64.1 %
. While criminal prosecutions for illegal entry soared to their highest total in two decades in fiscal 2018 , it was not the first time that prosecutions for this offense saw dramatic year - over - year growth . Prosecutions for illegal entry rose by more than 250 % in a single year under President George W. Bush , soaring from 14,790 in fiscal 2007 to 52,087 in fiscal 2008 , according to BJS . The growth that year came as the federal government expanded the use of a program called “ Operation Streamline , ” in which border crossers were
And while most Turks continue to oppose U.S.-led anti - terrorism efforts and most still believe the U.S. could be a military threat to their country some day , these views are less common than they were in the waning years of the Bush administration . As the survey reveals , the U.S. is not the only major power receiving negative reviews in Turkey — China , Russia and the European Union also get poor ratings . Turkish views of the U.S.
he denied . 4New Zealand had “ low ” levels of social hostilities involving religion in 2016 ( with a Social Hostilities Index score of 0.9 out of 10 ) . There have been incidents of religiously motivated violence and hostilities in the past , although these cases have been relatively rare . In September 2016 , for example , the Whanganui branch of the Right Wing Resistance , a right wing organization , circulated pamphlets
. But they have also turned more negative among both independents as well as Democrats who are ideologically moderate or conservative . These are among the main findings of a survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press and the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life , conducted Aug. 11 - 27 among 4,013 adults reached on both landlines and cell phones . Only 9 % of conservative Republicans say the Democratic Party is friendly toward religion , less than half the number who said this in 2008 ( 23 % ) . Moderate and liberal Republicans are 11 percentage points less likely to see Democrats as
) , those who say Congress has accomplished less than usual blame Republican leaders rather than Democratic leaders for this Anti - incumbent sentiment also remains widespread : Only about half of all registered voters ( 48 % ) want to see their own representative reelected and just half as many ( 24 % ) would like to see most members of Congress reelected . These also are close to two - decade lows in Pew Research Center surveys . Yet unlike in the previous two midterms , anti - incumbent sentiment
those ages 30 to 49 and 56 % of those 50 and older . In each of these age groups , however , newsroom workers are still less diverse than workers overall . 9Newsroom employees with a college degree earn less than other college - educated workers . Newsroom employees are more than twice as likely as other U.S. workers to be college graduates . Nearly eight - in - ten newsroom employees   ( 79 % ) have a college degree , while about four - in - ten U.S. workers overall ( 37 % ) graduated
. Texting is an especially important mode of communication for many teens . Some 88 % of teens have or have access to cell phones or smartphones and 90 % of those teens with phones exchange texts . A typical teen sends and receives 30 texts per day2 And teens are not simply sending messages through the texting system that telephone companies offer . Some 73 % of teens have access to smartphones and among them messaging apps like Kik or WhatsApp have caught on . Fully 33 % of teens with phones have such apps . And Hispanic and African - American youth with phones are substantially more likely to
. Seniors 65 and older , however , think the private marketplace is the most effective way to increase reliance on renewable energy sources by a 50%-41 % margin . Differences by age hold even when accounting for the tendency of older adults to identify with the GOP . Supporters of increased reliance on renewable energy sources – energy generated from natural resources such as sunlight and wind – argue that a shift in this direction will reduce air pollution and will help address global climate change . The amount of air pollution emitted from the use of different energy sources varies widely . Solar power and wind power emit no air pollutants and result
a gain of 49 % . By comparison , the median income for upper - tier households grew 64 % over that time , from $ 126,100 to $ 207,400 . The share of American adults who live in middle - income households has decreased from 61 % in 1971 to 51 % in 2019 . During this time , the share of adults in the upper - income tier
. Opinions about whether congressional Democrats are keeping the promises they made during the campaign are similar to Pelosi ’s job approval : 40 % say Democrats are keeping their campaign promises , while a somewhat larger share ( 46 % ) say Democrats are not keeping their promises . That is a more positive verdict from the public than congressional Republicans received after their 2014 and 2010 victories , when majorities said they were not keeping campaign promises ( 65 % said this in May 2015 , 52 % in April 2011 ) . After the Democrats won Congress in 2006 , the public was divided on whether they kept
outbreak . Republicans are almost 30 percentage points more likely than Democrats to say China has done a bad job handling the coronavirus outbreak ( 82 % vs. 54 % ) . They are also much more likely to say China contributed to the global spread of the pandemic . Around three - quarters of Republicans ( 73 % ) say China ’s early handling of the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan contributed a great deal to its global spread , compared with around four
religious intolerance , stemming from anti - Muslim violence in the state of Gujarat in 2002 , which according to some estimates killed as many as   2,000 people . Modi , who was chief minister   of Gujarat at the time , has been accused of not doing enough to stop the killing because he is leader of the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party and the violence was perpetrated by Hindus against Muslims . Correction :   An earlier version of this post described Narendra
story ; 25 % say the story has been overcovered ; while just 9 % say it has received too little coverage . These findings are based on the most recent installment of the weekly News Interest Index , an ongoing project of the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press . The index , building on the Center ’s longstanding research into public attentiveness to major news stories , examines news interest as it relates to the news media ’s
the unemployment numbers . Yes , the public ’s bottom line on the Obama presidency is likely be driven by economic trends , but other factors may well influence personal confidence in the president and his administration . This , in turn , can influence how quickly and decisively public optimism returns if and when the economic outlook improves — as well
% of Democrats and the same percentage of independents . Late last year , two - thirds of Republicans ( 67 % ) said 2007 would be better than 2006 . Democrats and independents also are less optimistic about the coming year than they were in December 2006 , though the declines are smaller than among Republicans ( four points among Democrats , five points among independents ) . A plurality of Americans ( 23 % ) cite Iraq as the single most important news event of 2007 , but significantly fewer named Iraq as the year ’s top event than did so in 2006 ( 34 % ) . Pew surveys have shown that public attentiveness to the war , which was
a substantial share of interviews with cellphones , the answer is generally “ no ” – at least
be played by those with at least a bachelor ’s degree than by those with less education . While strategy games are favored by those with at least some college education , most other types of games are more popular among adults with lower levels of education . For example , 46 % of video game players with some college education and 44 % of those with a high school diploma or less say they typically play shooter games ,
issue in Europe . The Netherlands is the only country where more than a third ( 37 % ) support the way the EU is dealing with this issue . Approval is lowest in Italy , Hungary , Sweden and Greece , where fewer than one - in - five approve of the way the EU has handled this issue . In several countries , approval has dropped since 2017 , including a 10 - point decrease in France and Hungary . Approval of the refugee issue also decreased by 6 points in the Netherlands and Germany and by 5 points in Sweden . Views of how the EU is dealing with the refugee
. 2On balance , most Americans ( 57 % ) say that the news media do a good job covering science , but people also see problems in coverage stemming from the news media , researchers and the public itself .   For example , 43 % of Americans say it is a big problem that the news media are too quick to report findings that may not hold up . A similar share also see problems stemming from researchers publishing so many studies that it is hard to tell high from low quality ( 40 % say this is a big problem ) . When pressed to choose which problem is greater , almost
s fit this category . Instead , a relatively large share—30%—are single moms , as compared with just 13 %
% of older adults , compared with 81 % of those under 65 say this is very important ) . There is little difference across age groups in the importance given to checks and balances , open and fair elections , and press freedom to maintaining a strong American democracy . Across the board , those with higher levels of education are significantly more likely to consider each of these values very important to maintaining a strong democracy . And these educational gaps are found within both parties : For instance , while 74 % of Republicans with a college degree say it is very important to protect the rights of people with unpopular views , a smaller majority ( 63 % ) of those without
2012 , 2014 or 2016 – said a person ’s vote can make a difference . When it comes to opinions about the actions associated with good
likely than those who reside in predominately white neighborhoods to say that ride - hailing apps serve neighborhoods that taxis wo n’t visit . Just over half ( 53 % ) of ride - hailing users living in majority - minority communities feel that this statement describes ride - hailing well , compared with 46 % of users living in majority - white neighborhoods . ( Many ride - hailers – about four - in - ten overall – were unsure if this statement described ride - hailing well ) . In sharp contrast to ride - hailing services , few blacks make use of home - sharing sites like Airbnb and VR
) . Most Muslim Americans ( 64 % ) also say they are dissatisfied with the way things are going in the U.S. – a sharp rise since the Center ’s last comprehensive survey of U.S. Muslims in 2011 , when just 38 % took this position and 56 % said they were satisfied with the country ’s direction . In stark contrast with their current feelings about Trump
each of these situations , about one - in - seven ( 15 % ) say men should n’t be able to take paternity leave
% since 2000 . But the Arab American Institute Foundation estimates there are nearly 3.7 million Arab Americans living in the country . The Arab - American population is also diverse , with people claiming ties to 22 countries and various religious backgrounds . “ When immigrants come here they ’re very confused by American race classifications , ” said Helen Hatab Samhan , former executive director of the Arab American Institute Foundation . “ They do n’t necessarily relate to them , and they do n’
2012 , when she ran for president . Carlos Romero Deschamps receives negative marks from 47 % of Mexicans , though 44 % express no opinion . A union executive associated with Pemex - gate , a corruption scandal involving the state - owned oil monopoly Pemex , he picks up only a 9 % favorability rating . The former leader of the Mexican teachers ’ union ( SNTE ) , Elba Esther Gordillo , is the least popular figure included in the survey . Roughly eight - in - ten ( 81 % ) voice displeasure with Gordillo , who was arrested last year for allegedly embezzling over
) in their top 10 historic events . Only 8 % of whites cite the civil rights movement – and it fails to make their top 10 list . 6Only about a third of blacks say race relations in the U.S. are good .   About six - in - ten blacks ( 61 % ) say race relations in the U.S.
and others emphasized the role of people in their lives who fostered their interests .
as it “ faces up to being old and poor . ” Worse
by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , conducted April 23 - 27 among 1,502 adults , finds that the already substantial partisan divide over global warming has widened in the past year . Fully 84 % of Democrats and 75 % of independents say there is evidence that the earth ’s temperatures have been rising , compared with just 49 % of Republicans . Among Republicans , far more moderates and liberals than conservatives say there is evidence of global warming ( 69 % vs. 43 % ) . However , the proportion of both groups expressing this view has declined since January 2007 . Currently , 47 % of Americans say that the earth is
. ” … “ I got tired of minding everybody else ’s business . ” … “ Not enough privacy . ” … “ Got too many communications .
knowledge and technology shield us from disease , starvation and life ’
population . This change in the projected growth of the Hispanic population is driven by a number of factors . California has long been a top destination for immigrants from Latin America , but immigration from Latin America to the U.S
people in sub - Saharan Africa and Latin America were more likely to view their day positively
) of Americans ages 18 to 49 correctly identified all five factual statements they were asked to catego
, according to Pew Research Center estimates . The share of those eligible who have naturalized is at its highest level in more than two decades . However , there are sharp differences among country of origin groups : Only 42 % of eligible Mexican lawful immigrants had obtained U.S. citizenship by 2015 , compared with 83 % of those from the Middle East . To become a U.S
according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted June 3 - 17 , 2019 . As is true with many other forms of digital technology , use of these devices varies substantially by socioeconomic factors . Around three - in - ten Americans living in households earning
to provide the building blocks people need for a successful career . Six - in - ten adults say the public K-12 education system has a lot of responsibility in making sure the U.S. workforce has the right skills and education to be successful
. In 2001 , Americans were evenly divided over the move by some states to abandon mandatory drug terms . The survey by the Pew Research Center , conducted Feb. 14 - 23 among 1,821 adults , finds that support for the legalization of marijuana use continues to increase . And fully 75 % of the public – including majorities of those who favor and oppose the legal use of marijuana – think that the sale and use of marijuana will eventually be legal nationwide . By wide margins , the public views marijuana as less harmful than alcohol , both to personal health and to society more generally . Moreover , just as most Americans prefer a less
However , the pope receives his most negative ratings in Egypt ( 35 % unfavorable ) , Jordan ( 34 % ) and Turkey ( 32 % ) . Like many other countries with small Catholic populations , the pope is relatively unknown in Tunisia ( 71 % no rating )
churches conducted exorcisms of children accused of witchcraft , which involved starvation , beatings and other
nation . However , majorities rate eight out of the 11 threats tested on the survey as major threats . At least seven - in - ten Americans also name terrorism , the spread of nuclear weapons and cyberattacks from other countries as major threats to the U.S. Only about four - in - ten Americans say that large numbers of people moving from one county to another or long - standing conflicts between countries or ethnic groups pose major threats to the country . Nearly one - in -
opinion . Views of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad are negative across all of the Middle Eastern and North African nations surveyed . Only 7 % in Israel and 1 % in Jordan view Assad positively . Syrians living in Jordan have similarly negative views of the Syrian president ; only 3 % have a favorable view of Assad . Views of Assad are more favorable in Lebanon than in any other country ,
, compared with 47 deaths per 100,000 in the U.S. Around half or more in many EU countries surveyed said their nation ’s economy was doing poorly in the summer . Economic data bears out that assessment . A median of 57 % of adults in these eight countries said their economic situation was in bad shape over the summer . That included 90 % of adults in Italy and 84 % in Spain . Gross domestic product in the EU shrank 11.
while 46 % do not think this is possible . Among those who sympathize more with the Palestinians , 67 % think a way can be found for Israel and an independent Palestinians state to peacefully coexi
economic integration with the rest of Europe . Roughly two - thirds of Germans ( 66 % ) have a favorable impression of the EU , compared with just half the publics in the six other EU nations surveyed . They are more inclined to complain that Brussels has already provided other EU countries with too much financial assistance . And Germans share with other Europeans the view that their voice is not heard in the EU
But since then , its ratings among those groups have declined , according to Nielsen . Fusion ’s launch reflects several demographic trends among the nation ’s 53 million Hispanics , who make up 17 % of all Americans . 1 . The Latino population ’s growth is now driven by the children and grandchildren of immigrants . This has been true since 2000 and has started to change the composition of the Latino population as the share foreign born has begun to decline . For example , among Latinos younger than 18 , 93 % were born in the U.S
the press has not been critical enough of Obama . The aftermath of the 22 - day military conflict between Israel and Hamas drew considerable public interest . Three - in - ten ( 31 % ) say they followed news about conditions in the Gaza Strip very closely last week after the announcement of a cease fire . Public interest in this story was roughly equal to interest in the second week in January – following the start of the Israeli military ’s ground
conflict is possible . At least half in France , Germany , Britain and the U.S. think a way can be found for Israel and
effect of weighting . The following table shows the error attributable to sampling that would be expected at the 95 % level of confidence for different groups in the current survey , conducted April 23 - 26 , 2010 : In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error
: 69 % of Republicans approve of their party ’s leaders ’ handling of negotiations , while just 10 % of Democrats approve . And while about seven - in - ten Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 71 % ) approve of the
also differ by community type , with rural Americans less likely than those living in urban or suburban areas to
the effect of weighting . The following table shows the error attributable to sampling that would be expected at the 95 % level of confidence for different groups in the survey : In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can
according to a survey conducted in late April . However , one strength that Tea Party adherents maintain when it comes to their potential impact in the party is that they are more enthusiastic , by a 52 % to 35 % margin , about voting in this year ’s midterm elections than all other Republicans
and 14 points from April , respectively . But conservative Republicans remain far more likely than liberal Democrats to believe what happens between Russia and Ukraine is very
the communist nation will shift in a democratic direction : 41 % of Democrats say this
populations , and 2011 - 2015 five - year estimates for state - level populations .
s , a reflection of the degree to which the issue largely fell off the radar during the early months of the Obama Administration . These are some of the central findings of a study that examined coverage of four prominent ethnic , racial and religious groups – Asians , Africans / African - Americans , Hispanics and Muslims – in 55 U.S.
the most positive measure in more than five years . The survey finds that Barack Obama ’s overall job rating , which was more positive than negative in both May and June , is now evenly divided : 46 % approve of his job performance while 46 % disapprove . Obama ’s job rating among whites is among his lowest ever . Just 33 % of whites approve of the job Obama is doing as president , while 60 % disapprove .
the # BlackLivesMatter hashtag . Some 4 % of Democrats on Twitter used this hashtag at least once between Nov. 11 , 2019 , and Sep.
three - in - ten in Ukraine ( 14 % ) , Argentina ( 19 % ) , Chile ( 24 % ) and Brazil ( 25 %
impact and job losses are very serious problems . Republicans are much more concerned than Democrats about the economic aspects of the U.S.-China relationship . They are much less worried than Democrats about China ’s impact on the global environment . In general , older Americans tend to see more serious challenges in U.S.-China relations than young people do . For instance , 53 % of those ages 50 and older say China ’s human rights policies are a very serious problem ,
Muslims , and about the same numbers have positive views of Arabs . These differences are reflected as well
Iraq is less stark here : large majorities of Republicans ( 86 % ) , independents ( 67 % ) , and Democrats ( 66 % ) feel things will ultimately be
college graduates ( 14 % ) who say this . By contrast , Democrats with higher levels of education are more likely than less educated Democrats to express concern
) . 7Democrats and Republicans think differently about trust , but both groups wish there would be more of it . Although supporters of the country ’s two main political parties hold similar levels of personal trust , Democrats and those who lean Democratic are more likely than Republicans and Republican leaners to express worry about the state
interests . U.S. President Barack Obama , who is scheduled to visit India and other Asian
– also registered with the public . Fully 62 % of the public has heard a lot about this and another 22 % have heard a little . Interest in campaign news remained fairly stable last week . Roughly a quarter of Americans ( 27 % ) say they followed news about the presidential campaign very closely , with 16 % saying they followed it more closely than other any other story . Far more Democrats than independents or Republicans tracked campaign news very closely . About four - in - ten Democrats ( 39 % )
– most Swedes , Germans and Dutch say their economy is doing
but may ban them after a later point or have other regulations concerning abortion or clinics that perform abortion . This analysis does not account for whether a state ’s law has exceptions for rape , incest or the life of the mother , and only uses the week limit that applies to women who do not qualify for an exception
likelihood of being deported after apprehension . This rise in the number of deportations also coincides with stalled growth of the U.S. unauthorized immigrant population since 2009 , and a more recent rise in the number of apprehensions at the U.S.-Mexico border . In 2013 , there were 414,000 apprehensions at the southwest border , a rise of 27 % over 2011 ( the most recent low in apprehensions ) . Also , a new shift in migration patterns emerged over the last two years : more Central American immigrants and unaccomp
) . And in the event of a hypothetical conflict between halakha and democratic principles , Israeli Jews who were born in former Soviet republics overwhelmingly say democracy should take precedence ( 72 % , compared with 62 % of all Israeli Jews ) . Not surprisingly , when it comes to their own religious beliefs and practices , FSU Jews also are considerably more secular than Israeli Jews overall based on a number of measures , such as belief in God , lighting Sabbath candles and keeping kosher . But the survey also finds
blacks with higher levels of educational attainment are often more likely than those with less education to work in predominately white workplaces and therefore may have more opportunities to encounter racial prejudices or develop work - related stresses associated with being one of few racial minorities
the regime in Pyongyang is capable of hitting the U.S. with a nuclear missile and willing to follow through on threats to do so . Today , the public is somewhat more likely to express reservations about the use of pre - emptive force than it was eight years ago , when Pew Research Center last asked the question . In November 2009 , during President Barack Obama ’s first year in office and amid debate about drawing down U.S. troop levels in Iraq , 52 % of Americans said the use of pre - emptive military force by the U.S
shows . More broadly , Russians are about evenly split over whether their country tries to
marriage for men in 2016 was 29.5 , and for women it was 27.4 – up from 26.1 and 23.9 , respectively
. According to PEJ , reporting on the economy – not including specific reports on the budget problems facing state and local governments – accounted for 11 % of the newshole . About three - in - ten ( 31 % ) say they followed news about widespread local and state budget problems very closely ; 7 % say these were the stories they followed most closely . Coverage of the budget difficulties and their impact accounted of 2 % of reporting measured by PEJ , though this news likely received
a trend that has become more prevalent over the years . The percentage of HBCU students who were either white , Hispanic , Asian or Pacific Islander , or Native American was 17 % in 2015 , up from 13 % in 1980 . Hispanic students , in particular , have seen their overall shares grow on HBC
users suspected of copyright infringement , forcing them to file lawsuits against anonymous “ John Doe ” defendants and acquire sub
the general - population survey . Just before the survey was conducted , Collins became the first   active male professional athlete in a major North American team sport to come out
the court , Democrats were far more likely than Republicans to say their opinions of the court had become less favorable .
was rated unfavorably by 41 %
that collects data from panels of U.S. adults on economic and demographic topics.2 . Stevenson , Betsey and Justin Wolfers . “ Marriage and Divorce : Changes and their Driving
s losing ticket in 1876 but won with Grover Cleveland eight years later , though he only served as vice president for
territory in the South China Sea , including tense naval standoffs and an international court ruling in favor of the Philippines . Fully 82 % of Filipinos say that territorial disputes between the two countries are a big problem . However , Presidents Xi and Duterte have made efforts to improve
religion out of schools and government . A smaller , but significant share ( 48 % ) think conservative Christians have gone too far to try to impose religious values on the country . A majority of Americans disapprove of the Supreme Court ’s stance on prayer in public schools , according to 2012 data from the General Social Survey , conducted by the National Opinion Research Center at the University of Chicago . Asked
occur when most people in a population have been vaccinated . ) 5State legislators are considering changes to vaccination laws . All 50 states and the District of Columbia require students to be vaccinated to attend school . However , every state and the District allow children to forego vaccinations for medical reasons . States also grant exemptions based on religious or philosophical beliefs . As of July 2016 , 46 states allowed exemptions based on religious beliefs and 17 states allowed philosophical exemptions for those who object to vaccination on personal or moral grounds . Legislators in at
) . Meanwhile , overall impressions about the political influence of the National Rifle Association ( NRA ) are about the same today as they were in the days following the Connecticut tragedy . Currently , 39 % think the NRA has too much influence over gun control laws in this country ; about half ( 53 % ) say either that the NRA has the right amount of influence ( 35 % ) or that it has too little influence ( 18 % ) over gun control laws . However , there is a wider gap in opinions about the NRA ’s influence between liberal Democrats and conservative Republicans than in December . In
to make progress on the major problems facing the nation , and whether his accomplishments will outweig
education and income . For example , 71 % of higher - income Chinese believe
family with the same frequency . Among Hispanic teens who do religious things with their family
and incidents like the bombings at this year ’s Boston Marathon have been constant reminders of the threat . In a survey conducted in April , after the Boston bombings , 75 % of Americans agreed with the statement “ occasional acts of terrorism in the U.S. will be
news outlets on an ongoing basis . In the most recent week , data relating to news coverage were collected from February 16 - 22 , 2009 and survey data measuring public interest in the top news stories of the week were collected February 20 - 23 , 2009 from a nationally representative sample of 1,004 adults . The News Interest Index is a weekly survey conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press aimed at gauging the public ’s interest in and reaction to major
number of U.S. births stood at 3.74 million . By 2014 , the number had risen 7 % to 4.00 million . During that same time , the annual number of births to immigrant women tripled , from 274,000 to 901,000 . Meanwhile , births to U.S.-born women declined from 3.46 million to 3.10 million . In other words , were it not for the increase in births to immigrant women , the annual number of U.S. births would have declined since 1970 . 2U.
) . There are also sizable age differences on this measure . Eight - in - ten adults ages 65 and older say they are comfortable leaving a set of keys with their neighbors , compared with
who are Muslim . Some 11 % of these arrivals belong to other religions , while about 1 % claim no religious affiliation . The religious composition of refugees to the U.S. has been shifting on a monthly basis as well . In February , Trump ’s first full month in office , Muslims accounted for 50 % of the 4,580 refugees who entered the U.S. , and Christians made up 41 % of arrivals . By June , Christians ( 57 % ) made up a larger share of arrivals than Muslims ( 31 % ) . This stands in contrast to fiscal 2016 , when a record number of Muslim refugees entered the U.S.
the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of
s global role is less important than a decade ago ; just 19 % say this today , compared with 65 % who said this in 2016 . Views among Democrats have moved in the opposite direction .
) of the general electorate that identified the economy as the nation ’s most important
election , but that pattern did not hold four years later . So what does all this mean for 2020 ? There are some early indications that overall turnout could reach a record high this year , just as turnout in the midterms two years ago reached its highest point in a century . But 2020 is far from an ordinary year . The combination of a global pandemic and public concerns about the integrity of the election have created widespread uncertainty , and
has become more prominent . Within the region , many say that Turkey plays a more important role . People in Turkey and Jordan are the most likely to say Turkey ’s role in the region has grown . Israel is the only country where a plurality says Turkey has lost influence over the past decade . This view is more common among Israeli Jews ( 45 % ) than among Israeli Arabs ( 29 % ) . About eight - in - ten in Lebanon say that Iran is more influential in the Middle East today than it was 10 years ago . Large majorities across all religious groups hold this view : 89 % of Shia Muslims
) offering a negative rating . Nearly six - in - ten Christians ( 57 % ) also see him in a negative light . About
have ever contacted a public official to express their opinion on gun policy . About one - in - five gun owners ( 21 % ) have done this , including 9 % who say they ’ve done so in the past year . That compares with 12 %
period , opinion was resol
survey . Majorities of Snapchat and Instagram users also say they visit these sites daily , though they are slightly less likely than Facebook users to do so . The shares of young adults using these platforms daily are especially large . Roughly eight - in - ten Snapchat users ages 18 to 29 ( 77 % ) say they use the app every day , including 68 % who say
and GOP leaners ( 65 % vs. 34 % ) to say the government is obliga
Mexico since 1970 . Between 2006 and 2010 alone , more than half ( 53 % ) of all Mexican - American births were to Mexican immigrant parents . As a group , these immigrants are more likely than U.S.-born Americans to be in their prime child - bearing years . They also have much higher fertility . Meanwhile , the number of new immigrant arrivals from Mexico has fallen off steeply in recent years . According to a Pew Hispanic Center analysis of Mexican government data , the number of Mexicans annually leaving Mexico for the U.S. declined from more than one million in 2006 to 404,000 in 2010 - a 60 % reduction.
population . Since 2008 , these countries have received nearly 140,000 asylum applications from Somalis , according to the EU ’
is , the less likely people are to embrace it . For example , while 47 % say it would be an appropriate use of synthetic blood substitutes if it results in improvements equal to their own peak abilities , just 28 % of adults say synthetic blood substitutes resulting in speed , strength and stamina “ far above that of any human to date ” would be appropriate . People ’s reactions to these enhancements are more positive if the effects are control
who say religion is “ not too ” or “ not at all ” important , a substantial share ( 41 % ) say they fast . Ramadan also is widely observed by Muslims around the world , according to a   Pew Research Center report   published in 2012 .   Indeed
the subpanel and take the first survey in the fall of 2014 . Of the 935 panelists who responded to the invitation ( 60.8 % ) , 607 agreed to join the subpan
countries analyzed , even as it is shrinking in many countries . Middle - class shares ranged
while 28 % named Bush as the person they had heard the most about . Other prominent newsmakers last week included Hillary Clinton ( 4 % said she was the person they had heard the most about in the news lately ) and Barack Obama ( 3 % ) . Pro wrestler Chris Benoit , who reportedly took his own life after killing his wife and son , was mentioned by 3 % of the public . The News Interest Index is a weekly survey conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press aimed at gauging the public ’s interest in
% were favorable , though Democrats rated her positively on balance .
has grown in recent years , no other single language has accounted for as high a number of total refugee admissions into the U.S. since 2002 . In all , more than 143,000 refugees entering the U.S. between 2002 and 2017 spoke Arabic . The rise of Arabic as a leading language of U.S. refugees was preceded by high shares of refugees speaking Somali . In 2004 through 2006 , Somali was the leading language of refugees entering the U.S
marriage .   The long - run trends on entry into marriage clearly show that less - educated adults have become less likely to ever get married .   Consider marital outcomes among 35- to 39 - year - olds .   In 2012 , 73 % of 35- to 39 - year - olds without a bachelor ’s degree had ever married .   By contrast , 92 % of this group had ever married in 1950 . Among college - educated adults , it is not clear that they are less likely to pursue marriage than earlier cohorts .   In 2012 , 81 % of college - educated 35- to 39 - year - olds had ever married .   Whether marriage has
% reported having felt annoyed often or sometimes because someone had made assumptions about their race . For multiracial adults ,
not following this issue particularly closely : Just 19 % of home - sharing users have heard “ a lot ” about it , while 37 % have heard “ a little . ” But although home - sharing users have not been following the legal debate over these services with nearly the same intensity as their ride - hailing counterparts , those home - sharing users who have been following this issue tend to feel that these services should be both legal and tax - free for owners . Among home - sharing users who are aware of the legal debate over these services , 56 % believe that these services should be legal , and that owners should not
) say corporations make too much profit , while about a quarter ( 24 % ) say corporate profits are reasonable . Conversely , 56 % of Republicans and Republican leaners say most businesses ’ profits are fair and reasonable , while 38 % say businesses are profiting too much .
has become a key issue in the 2012 race for the White House . More than four - in - ten ( 44 % ) say they followed news about the economy very closely last week , approaching the year ’s high of 49 % , while 42 % say this was the news they followed most closely . Another 12 % say they very closely followed news about the debate among European leaders over how to address the region ’s debt crisis . This was the top story for 4 % and accounted for 3 % of coverage . More than a quarter ( 27 % ) say they very closely followed news about candidates for the 2012
people feel when race or race relations comes up in their conversations . Most black ( 77 % ) , white ( 74 % ) , Asian ( 70 % ) and Hispanic ( 62 % ) adults who ever have conversations about race say they are generally very or somewhat comfortable when the topic comes up . Among Hispanics , roughly four - in - ten ( 37 % ) say they feel at least somewhat uncomfortable when race comes up in conversations with family and friends , and this is particularly the case among foreign - born Hispanics ( 47 % say these conversations make them uncomfortable vs. 29 % of Hispanics born in the U.S
name - calling , purposeful embarrassment , physical threats , stalking , sexual harassment , or harassment over a sustained period of time . Women were more likely than men to
president . Adults who are 50 and older ( 38 % ) are more likely to approve of Trump than those under 50 ( 30 % ) . By more than two - to - one , those with postgraduate degrees ( 71 % vs. 26 % ) and four - year college degrees ( 65 % vs. 29 % ) are more likely to disapprove than approve of Trump . Smaller majorities of those with some college education ( 57 % ) or no more than a high school degree ( 55 % ) disapprove as well . White evangelical Protestants widely express approval of Trump : 67 % approve , while just 27 % disapp
; for registered voters , 4.4 percentage points . The terms “ Latino ” and “ Hispanic ” are used interchangeably in this report , as are the terms “ foreign born ” and “ immigrant . ” The terms “ whites , ” “ blacks ” and “ Asians ” are used to refer to the non - Hispanic components of their
; in France , 83 % and in Spain , 85 % . Germany again is the exception , with Muslims there splitting 42
) and that it is not possible to do much to control its spread ( 28 % ) as major reasons . Democrats are more likely than Republicans to say most of these factors are major reasons the outbreak has continued . The widest partisan differences are on whether the federal government response is inadequate – 82 % of Democrats view this as a major reason the outbreak has continued , compared with 21 % of Republicans – and lifting COVID-19 restrictions too quickly (
have become less prevalent in recent years , many Americans are still worried about China ’s economic strength
– or about 19.6 million Latinos – identify as Catholic , but that ’s down from two - thirds ( 67 % ) as recently as 2010 . Today , nearly one - in - four Latino adults ( 24 % ) are now former Catholics . ( We also asked about the reasons Latinos are leaving Catholicism . ) On the other hand , the percentage of all U.S. Catholics who are Hispanic is increasing .
( 52 % ) . Still , 45 % of the public would like closer economic relations with both superpowers . Few want to distance themselves economically from both super
assault was the most common offense , followed by robbery , rape , and murder / non - negligent manslaught
voters with a college degree . About two - thirds of Asian immigrant voters in New Jersey ( 66 % ) have a bachelor ’s degree or higher . That ’s substantially higher
they were engaging in commerce or taking a class , but roughly a third or more were getting information about health , government services or politics online . Indians do n’t necessarily see the increasing influence of the internet in India as a good thing for the country . In a 2014 survey , only 31 % of Indians said that the increasing use of the internet has had a good influence on politics , 32 % said it was good for personal relationships and 37 % said it was good for morality . Views of the internet ’s influence on education were more positive , though
organization is still viewed positively by a majority of Lebanese Shia Muslims ( 62 % ) . By contrast , two - thirds of Lebanese Sunni ( 67 % ) have an unfavorable opinion of the group , as do about eight - in - ten ( 81 % ) Lebanese Christians . Elsewhere in the Middle East views of Hamas tend to be largely negative . Half or more of Muslims in Turkey ( 73 % ) , Jordan ( 55 % ) , and Lebanon ( 52 % ) have an unfavorable opinion of the militant organization , with about half in Egypt ( 49 % ) sharing that view
rate for black Americans rose 40 % between 2015 and 2016 , from 12.2 deaths per 100,000 people to 17.1 per 100,000 . Among black men in urban counties , specifically , the fatality rate rose 50 % – from 22.6 deaths per 100,000 people in 2015 to 34.0 per 100,000 a year later . Despite the sharp year - over - year increase among blacks , whites continue to have a substantially higher
party ( 62 % of Republicans and 59 % of Democrats rated the agency favorably ) . With just a few days remaining in Barack Obama ’s presidency , 55 % say they approve
will cooperate more with one another , while the share who say that countries will increase their focus on national interests declined 7 percentage points . On the other hand , the belief that countries will become more insular is slightly up among Americans , rising to 35 % from 29 % . In the U.S. , Republicans ( 40 % ) are more likely than Democrats ( 29 % ) to say that international relations will remain the same once the crisis is over . The opposite is true when it comes to cooperation , with 24 % of Republicans saying they expect greater cooperation between countries , while 34
. In both years , conservative Republicans made up the largest single partisan and ideological group among Boomers . Members of the Silent Generation continued to be most likely to identify as conservative Republicans . The GOP has made large gains among Silents in recent years . Eight years ago , Democrats and Democratic leaners outnumbered Republicans and GOP leaners among Silents by 48 % to 40 % ; in 2016 , 49 % of Silents identified as Republicans or leaned Republican , while 43 % leaned Democratic . The share of Silents who describe themselves as conservative Republicans increased by 9 percentage points over this period , from 27
the organization ) . In fact , it is hard to find any country or organization the Turkish people really like , except
States has been down this road before , struggling with a battered image and drawing little in the way of support even from close allies . But for a variety of reasons , this time it is different : the anti - Americanism runs broader and deeper than ever before . And it ’s getting worse
who express the same confidence in GOP leaders . The decline in Obama ’s approval rating comes at a time when the number of Americans saying that real estate prices have gone up has jumped from 25 % in 2011 to 52 % currently , and 71 % of investors say the value of their portfolios have increased . Yet the survey also finds that large percentages of Americans – particularly those with lower family incomes – continue to face severe economic and job - related problems . Nearly three - in - ten ( 28 % ) say they have had trouble getting or paying for medical care in the last year , while nearly as many ( 23 % ) report
than say the same of news organizations more generally – but news organizations , too , elicit sharply diver
ownership still lags in India , Indonesia and Africa . Among these
But in the most recent survey , only 33 % of Americans called global warming a very serious problem , and 32 % said it was somewhat serious . Meanwhile , the percentage saying it was not a problem at all nearly doubled , from 11 % in June 2006 to 20 % in the most recent survey . Last year , 19 % said it was not a problem at all . In partisan terms , almost twice as many Democrats ( 87 % ) as Republicans ( 44 % ) say there ’s solid evidence that the earth ’s average
groups of people born over a 15 - 20 year span , such as the Millennial generation , currently the youngest adult generation . Generational analysis is an important tool used by Pew Research Center and other researchers . This report aims to describe the basic approach of generation
% ) . A similar pattern emerges for mixed - race people whose background is black and
electorate was a much smaller share of the Latino population than it was among whites and blacks . In November 2006 , 39 % of Hispanics were eligible to vote compared to 76 % of whites and 65 % of blacks ( Table 3 ) . Hispanics who are eligible to vote are less likely to register and less likely to cast a vote than either whites or
) , no more than three - in - ten Republicans said this . Though majorities of Republicans have approved of the campaign since
. In Ukraine , this is the prevailing view not only in regions where Russian - speakers predominate , such as the East ( 72 % ) and South ( 64 % ) , but in regions overwhelmingly populated by ethnic Ukrainians , such as the West ( 67 % ) . Even among Ukrainians who want to join the EU , a 63%-majority back the free movement of goods and people between Ukraine and Russia . However , open borders is not the same as no borders . Fewer than one - in - five Ukrainians ( 12 % ) and Russians ( 16 % ) think the two countries should unite as a single state .
their orientation around these conspiracy theories , including one that put the word “ QAnon ” in the thumbnail of all of its videos . Other channels were more subtle in their mentions , using euphemisms such as “ our favorite anon . ” Several of the 11 channels were terminated by YouTube in October , including
the dispute “ most unacceptable and incredible , ” although it was clearly not unprecedented . In 2006 , just as today , a price and payment dispute between Russia and Ukraine led to gas supplies being cut - off to Ukraine .
people and financial institutions have too much power . Republicans , in turn , are much more likely than Democrats to say labor unions have too much power . Some differences also exist within the party coalitions . Lower - income Republicans ( 79 % ) are more likely than middle - income ( 68 % ) and upper - income Republicans ( 58 % ) to say that people who are wealthy have too much power in today ’s society . A similar pattern applies when it comes to views of large corporations . Among Democrats , those with higher incomes are more likely than lower - income Democrats
period , from 27 % in January 2019 and April 2020 to 22 % in the new survey . Democrats are now 33 percentage points more likely than Republicans to say they have a
him an unfavorable rating ( 47 % do not offer an opinion ) . Also , a plurality of Tunisians ( 42 % ) hold a positive view of the Iranian leader . Once more , Lebanese opinions are split along religious lines , with nearly all Shia ( 95 % ) expressing a favorable view of Ahmadinejad and nearly all Sunnis ( 92 % ) offering a negative rating . Nearly six - in - ten Christians ( 57 % ) also see him in a negative light .
Protestant denominations , by contrast , have not embraced same - sex
in addressing poverty , up from 55 % two years ago
. This sentiment cuts across Russian society . Nearly equal numbers of men and women and young ( 18 - 29 ) and old ( 50 + ) think homosexuality is morally unacceptable . In addition , 65 % of Russians with a college degree think homosexuality is immoral , while 75 % without a college degree concur . Even among those Russians who think religion is not too or not at all important in their lives , 65 % say homosexuality is wrong . Russians generally agree that extramarital affairs and gambling are also unacceptable , but they are more divided when it comes to abortion and alcohol usage . Both are seen a morally unacceptable by
people around the globe say they want an alternative to China as
the twin disaster . The survey also asked about Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda , who took office in September 2011 . Three - in - ten Japanese say the current head of government is having a positive influence on the way things are going in Japan , while two - thirds believe he is having a negative impact . Views of Noda generally divide along party lines : 48 % among supporters of Noda ’s DPJ say he is having a good influence , compared with just
The youngest GenXers are turning 30 this year , and some of them are over 40 now . Instead , we are focusing on the next generation — those in their teens and 20s today — who are sometimes labeled as “ Millennials , ” “ Gen Y , ” or “
enemy has increased by 11 percentage points over the same period , from 15 % to 26 %
% of older adults , compared with 81 % of those under 65 say this is very important ) . There is little difference across age groups in the importance given to checks and balances , open and fair elections , and press freedom to maintaining a strong American democracy . Across the board , those with higher levels of education are significantly more likely to consider each of these values very important to maintaining a strong democracy . And these educational gaps are found within both parties : For instance , while 74 % of Republicans with a college degree say it is very important to protect the rights of people with unpopular views , a smaller majority ( 63 % ) of those without
% . The trend was slightly negative in the first ( -2 %
. While black Democratic voters are less likely than other Democratic voters to describe themselves as liberal , there ’s a good deal of agreement   on several issues   between black Democrats and Democrats of other races and ethnicities . For instance , a fall 2019 Pew Research Center survey found that white , black and Hispanic Democrats have broadly similar views that immigrants make a positive contribution to the country and that it ’s the government ’s responsibility to help poor people and to ensure Americans have health care coverage . One issue where black Democrats differ from other Democrats is same - sex marriage : 88 % of white and 76 % of Hispanic Democrats say legal same - sex marriage
code is not available for all numbers . A recent study estimated that the billing ZIP code was available for 60 % of cellphone numbers in the U.S.
, accounted for 13 % of coverage . That rises to 14 % if news about the Occupy Wall Street protests is included . Efforts to deal with the credit crisis in Europe accounted for a separate 9 % of coverage . Compared to the week ’s other top stories , the new sex abuse charges against former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky received modest coverage , accounting for 2 % of the newshole , according to PEJ . About four - in - ten ( 41 % ) say they followed news about the nation ’s economy very closely , just about matching the 40 % that said they were following economic
Republican agenda included “ renewing our commitment to repeal Obamacare . ” House Republicans have voted more than 50 times to do this . Even though Republicans now control the Senate as well , there ’
behavior is immoral , though this is somewhat lower than the share of those 40 and older who share this view ( a median of 76 % ) . Similarly , younger Central and Eastern Europeans are twice as likely as older adults to say they favor same - sex marriage ( a regional median
yet is contrary to economic theory that international commerce should lead to
news saw its viewership jump 8 % , to an average of 3.1 million viewers in prime time ( according to Pew Research Center analysis of Nielsen Media Research data , used under license ) . This was especially pronounced at CNN , whose prime - time audience grew 38 % . Cable channels gained economically as well , with annual revenue for the three major channels ( Fox News Channel , CNN and MSNBC ) projected to rise 10 % , to $ 4 billion
the wealthy wield too much power – China ( 38 % ) and Vietnam ( 37 % ) , two nations still ruled by officially Communist parties . Roughly a quarter in both countries believe the rich should have more
groups , those under 50 are more supportive of legal abortion than are those 50 and older
have fallen . In 2010 , the gun suicide rate was 6.3 per 100,000 people , compared with 3.6 per 100,000 for gun homicides . At 87 % , males are the vast majority of gun suicides . By age group , people 65 and older have the highest firearm
of income for the family . 88The U.S. , which has a total population of 317 million , is now home to a record 40.4 million immigrants .
, though more rural gun owners ( 78 % ) than urban gun owners ( 62 % ) say this . Even among adults who do n’t own guns , those who live in rural areas have more exposure to and experience with guns than those who live in other types of communities . While 57 % of non - gun owners who live in rural areas say at least some of their friends own guns , only 39 % of non - gun owners in urban areas say the same . And nearly three - quarters ( 73 % ) of non - gun owners who live in rural areas have ever fired a gun , versus 55
while 35 % say it should be illegal . The views of Millennials are not significantly different than earlier this year . Baby Boomers ( 51 % legal , 46 % illegal ) and those in Generation X ( 54 % legal , 44 % illegal ) are about evenly divided over marijuana legalization , while the majority of those in the Silent Generation are opposed ( 66 % illegal , 27 % legal ) . Democrats continue to support legalization by about two - to - one ( 64%-
place where people who give a lot of money to elected officials do not have more influence than others : 50 % say this does not describe the country at all
they feel is the nation ’s most important problem , 42 % of Republicans cite an international concern – terrorism , the Islamic militant group ISIS or
% today . Meanwhile , favorable views of the U.S. have taken a nosedive , falling from 51 % in 2013 , to 23 % in 2014 , to an all - time low of 15 % today . Another measure of attitudes between nations is whether or not people believe a country respects the personal freedoms of its citizens . By that measure also , China is rising in the eyes of Russians , while the U.S
, for instance , people who are n’
they distrust the site . And while 15 % of U.S. adults say they trust Facebook for this type of information , a much larger share ( 59 % ) say they distrust this platform as a place to get political and election news . About three - in - ten Americans know that Instagram and WhatsApp are owned by Facebook . In a 2019 survey , Americans were asked questions about a range of digital topics , including some about the business of social media . Some 29 % of Americans correctly named WhatsApp and Instagram as companies owned by Facebook , while 22 % answered the question incorrectly
the political wisdom of the American people are largely unchanged over the past year . Republicans , however , have become less likely to express trust and confidence
and those in their prime working age , has only worsened the island ’s economic situation and outlook
the study period . Unless explicitly noted , all findings in this report include only those videos recommended by the site ’s recommendation algorithm and not the initial
it does not matter to them if the U.S.
them for doing something wrong has declined by 18 percentage points , from 28 % to 10 % . Among Republicans and Republican leaners , 47 % say providing legal status would be like rewarding them for doing something wrong ; 55 % said this in 2015 , and 50 % expressed this view five years ago . The share of Americans who express sympathy for immigrants in the U.S. illegally has remained fairly steady in recent years . Currently , 69 % say they are very sympathetic ( 27 % ) or somewhat sympathetic ( 42 % ) toward immigrants in the U.S.
to aid the poor than do those with higher incomes . A majority of those with family incomes of less than $ 30,000 say aid to the poor does more good than harm ( 60 % ) and favor raising taxes on the wealthy to expand those programs ( 56 % ) . Those with incomes of $ 75,000 or more are divided over whether aid to the poor does more good than
. Among Germans , 52 % say these American troops are vital for German national security , although only 15 % claim they are very important . And 45 % of Germans say the bases are not important , including 15 % who say they are not at all important . 8 Americans are generally OK with European defense spending at current levels , but Germans are more divided about their own country ’s defense spending . Half of Americans say that their European allies should keep national defense spending at current levels
they have heard nothing at all or do n’
) , Cubans ( 33 % ) , Salvadorans ( 32
since the 1960s . While President Donald Trump has talked about creating a Space Force as an entirely new branch of the military , most members of the public are not on - board with this plan : A May 2019 Pew Research Center survey found 36 % of Americans approve of creating a military
However , in their study of Islam in France , Jonathan Laurence and Justin Vaisse argue that these riots were mainly about economics rather than religion or culture , and they suggest that in many ways the French model of integration and assimilation has been more successful than many presume.
period . Another example of a lasting period effect is the shift in public views on the issue of terrorism and the priority given to homeland defense and combatting terrorism globally following the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks . However , other shifts in opinion following 9/11 proved to be less enduring : expressions of patriotism and unity were short - lived as the country soon entered a fractious debate over the Iraq war and deep partisan divisions on political issues soon reemerge
% will remain in the workforce . The figures are consistent with a 2009   Pew Research Center study   that found the American workforce was graying — not just because the population as a whole was growing older , but because older adults were staying in the labor force longer and younger adults were staying out of it longer . This trend intensified during the recession and reflected a variety of factors : the need for older Americans to keep working either because of economic conditions or reductions in government and unemployment benefits ; the greater number of women who had entered the workforce and chose to stay ; and the improving health of older Americans that permitted them to stay active longer . The story
the Japanese to surrender . Half the respondents said they would have tried some other way , while 44 % still backed using nuclear weapons . But this decline in American support for the use of atomic bombs against Japanese cities did not mean Americans thought they had to apologize for having done so . In that same Gallup survey , 73 % said the U.S.
. Just 7 % say Libya was their top story of the week . While the economy trailed Japan and the budget fight as a top story , at least four - in - ten in most demographic and partisan groups say they followed economic news very closely . Economic news accounted for 11 % of coverage , including reporting on the 2012 federal budget plan unveiled last week by House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan . Two - in - ten ( 20 % ) say they very closely followed news about new safety checks on Boeing 737 airplanes after a piece of a jet ’s roof ripped open during a Southwest Airlines flight ; 3 % say this was the
be better off with the U.S. as the leading power , rather than China . 3Most expect the European Union ’s influence in world affairs to be unchanged by the pandemic . A majority of Americans say the EU will emerge from the pandemic with roughly the same amount of influence in world affairs as it had beforehand , while about a fifth think its position will improve and a similar share expect its power to decline . Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are more likely than Democrats and Democratic leaners to think the EU ’s influence will be weaker after the outbreak , while Democrats are more likely than
However , they also believe their country is facing a variety of challenges . In particular , corruption – which has been a major focus of President Xi Jinping – remains a
issue that has been among the most contentious in Congress – whether border security must be achieved before the process of legalization can
’s degree of concern about the issue of GM foods or their focus on eating healthy and nutrit
most of the same misgivings about America seen throughout the Muslim world can be found in Indonesia and Pakistan , and solid majorities in both countries continue to have a negative impression of the U.S. Nonetheless , these examples suggest that American policies can make a difference . Indeed , given the magnitude of negative attitudes towards the U.S. in the Muslim world and elsewhere , America ’s image will only improve significantly if there are more positive international reactions to major American policies . The real issue is the restoration of trust . The challenge is how to reverse the impact of images of Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo that
a record surge in apprehensions of unaccompanied children and families , mostly
to receive green cards in 2017 , but a report by the Bipartisan Policy Center
of how Bush is handling the situation in Iraq , down from 32 % in August , and 36 % a year ago in December 2005 . Meanwhile , disapproval has spiked up to 71 % from 61 % in August and 58 % last December . The president ’s own partisans have shifted the most in their evaluations of his handling of the Iraq situation . In August , Republicans approved of Bush ’s Iraq performance by a margin of 69 % to 24 % . Today , just 53 % of Republicans approve , while disapproval has risen 15 percentage points , to 39 % . At the same time , public approval of the president ’s handling
was generally considered a conservative
voters said they were paying attention to news about the coronavirus outbreak and Floyd protests at least fairly closely ( 90 % and 86 % ,
virus is behind us , up from 26 % in April . Reflecting national trends , Hispanics also hold grim views of the economy , with only 18 % rating U.S. economic conditions as excellent or good in June , down from 49 %
. A declining share of unauthorized immigrants have lived in the U.S. for five years or less – 20 % of adults in 2017 , compared with 30 % in 2007 . In 2017 , unauthorized immigrant adults had lived in the U.S
: 76 % had a favorable opinion . There was also no partisan difference in opinion –   equal shares
workers and other groups largely reflects a demographic reality . Recent growth in the U.
to place trust in their national parliament as an institution . For example , 81 % of Dutch people with favorable views of Prime Minister Mark Rutte ’s People ’s Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) said they trust their parliament , compared with just 53 %
) and blacks ( 51.4 % ) increased by 11.7 and 10
household size within the landline sample . Sampling errors and statistical tests of significance take into account the effect of weighting . The following table shows the sample sizes and the error attributable to sampling that would be expected at the 95 % level of confidence for different groups in the survey : Sample sizes and sampling errors for other subgroups are available upon request . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can
the same content . In our survey we examined three of these interactive behaviors : texting someone else watching the same program in a different location ( 23 % of cell owners have done this in the last 30 days ) , posting one ’s own comments online about a program ( 11 %
the dominant superpower , and 39 % saying China will never supp
party : Nine - in - ten Democrats support Obama and an identical share of Republicans support Romney . Obama ’s overall edge at this point is based on the healthy advantage in overall party identification that Democrats have enjoyed in recent years . But it is unclear whether the Democrats ’ advantage in party identification will benefit Obama on Election Day . Romney supporters continue to say they have given more thought to this election than Obama supporters – a key measure of voter engagement . This is consistent with the Pew Research Center ’s June study that found that the GOP holds the early edge across a wide range of turnout indicators . ( For more , see “ GOP Holds
this . These findings are based on the most recent installment of the weekly News Interest Index , an ongoing project of the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press . The index , building on the Center ’s longstanding research into public attentiveness to major news stories , examines news interest as it relates to the news media ’s coverage . The weekly survey is conducted in conjunction with The Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , which monitors the news reported by major newspaper , television , radio and online news outlets on an ongoing basis . In the most recent week , data relating
with the way things are going in the country , while 72 % were dissatisfied . Asked whether most members of Congress should be re - elected , only 36 % said yes in late February , and only 31 % approved of the job Democratic leaders in Congress were doing when asked in January . Partisanship also matters . A slim majority of Republicans ( 53 % ) view the federal government favorably , an opinion shared by just 34 % of independents and 29 % of Democrats . For all groups , opinion is down sharply from December 2002 , when majorities of
But partisans generally agree that the U.S. should n’t get too involved in the situation . Half of Republicans ( 50 % ) say it is more important for the United States not to get too involved ; just 37 % think the U.S.
those with lower incomes and less education . This is true in both the developing and developed world . Additionally , within nearly every country , Millennials ( those ages 18 to 34 ) are much more likely to be internet and smartphone users compared with those ages 35 and older . This significant age gap appears in both advanced economies and among emerging and developing nations . Younger internet users also tend to access the internet at least daily and participate in social networking at higher rates than their older counterparts . These are among the main findings of a newly released Pew Research Center survey conducted in 40 nations among 45,435 respondents from March 25 to May 27 ,
and the Great Recession . For example : The new Pew Hispanic survey finds that most Latinos are broadly aware of these trends . Fully 54 % say Hispanics have been hurt more than other groups by the economic downturn of the past four years , while just 5 % say they have been hurt less . Some 38 % say Hispanics have been affected about as much as other groups . In their responses to a more detailed battery of questions , Latinos are more downbeat than the general public about various aspects of their economic lives . For example : Despite these downbeat assessments about their current
) . The 2016 preliminary estimate is inconclusive as to whether the total unauthorized immigrant population stayed the same or changed in one direction or the other . Mexicans remain the largest origin group of unauthorized immigrants , but their numbers have recently declined and their share of the 2016 preliminary data fell to 50 % , the first time since at least 2005 that Mexicans did not account for a majority of this population . As the number of Mexicans decreased , the number of unauthorized immigrants from other parts of the world increased
% of Generation Xers said this ) . But now , Millennials ’ evaluations of the news media have grown more critical and are currently on par with older generations : Just 27 % now say it has a positive impact , compared with 26 % of Xers and Silents and 23 % of Boomers . Younger generations tend to have more - positive views than their elders about small and large businesses as well as financial institutions and labor unions . Views of each of these institutions have grown more favorable over the past five years . Banks and financial institutions continue to be viewed more
who are aware of it say it is a good thing for the country . The share of U.S. adults who have heard or read at least a little about QAnon rose from 23 % in February to 47 % in September . Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents who are aware of QAnon overwhelmingly see it as a very or somewhat bad thing for the country ( 90 % say this ) , but Republicans and GOP
Health Tracking Poll , Sept. 12 - 18
service , compared with one - quarter of pre-9/11 veterans . About a third ( 35 % ) of post-9/11 veterans say they sought professional help to deal with those experiences , and a similar share say that – regardless of whether they have sought help – they think they have suffered from post - traumatic stress ( PTS ) .
, and those with at least one parent who identifies as multiracial . Among interracial and interethnic infants , the most common racial / ethnic combination for parents is one non - Hispanic white and one Hispanic parent ( 42 % ) . The next largest share of these infants have at least one parent who identifies as multiracial ( 22 %
national survey by the Pew Research Center , conducted Jan. 7 - 14 among 2,009 adults , including 1,525 registered voters , finds that 35 % of voters say that Hillary Clinton would make either
and they are more highly educated than the affiliated in
by every measure — the cell phone is the most quickly adopted consumer technology in the history of the world — there are some demographic groups whose embrace of the cell phone is somewhat less avid than others . Those groups are : people ages 65 and older ; those who did not attend college ; those living in households earning less than $ 30,000 ; and those in rural areas . In this survey , it is even the case that women are statistically significantly less
. ” Just 27 % say Iranian leaders are seriously addressing international concerns . These views are virtually unchanged since December 2013 , when 62 % of those aware of the negotiations said Iranian leaders were not serious in responding to concerns about the country ’s nuclear program . The new survey finds little change in the public ’s sympathies in the dispute between Israel and the Palestinians , or in views of Israel ’s prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu . About a third of Americans ( 31 % ) say they sympathize with Israel a lot in its dispute with the Palestinians , while 34 %
, 55 % of Puerto Ricans on the island said that same - sex couples should not be allowed to legally we d , a higher share than among island - born Puerto
financial crisis , ” while 42 % say the government has gone too far , “ making it
who do not believe this can happen . Opinion is more negative among those 65 and older : by a 53%-34 % margin , more say they do n’t think a peaceful two - state solution can be achieved than say it can be . Across partisan groups , 60 % of conservative Republicans say they are doubtful about the prospects for a two - state solution , while 36 % think this can be achieved . Among liberal Democrats , a slim majority ( 55 % ) thinks a way can be found for an independent Palestinian state to
. Instead of asking their personal preference , two questions asked respondents whether , “ generally speaking , ” they thought the sexes preferred having men or women as co - workers . Now , about four - in - ten ( 44 % ) believe that men have a preference when it comes to the gender of their coworkers . About a third ( 34 % ) believe that women also have gender preferences in co - workers . But beyond these differences , the overall pattern of these responses is the same as when men and women are asked about their personal views – with one notable exception . When asked about male preferences , men and women
or testing regarding fertility , but did not undergo any additional treatments . ) Among women ages 35 to 44 , those with at
16,000 ) . Trump ordered an end to DACA in September 2017 , but enrollees can remain in the program while federal courts consider cases regarding its future . Note : This post was originally published July 5 , 2015 and has been updated . Related posts : 5 facts about illegal immigration in the U.S.
has held relatively steady in recent decades , though the share saying the decision should
or their citizens . And a median of 62 % in 43 countries also oppose U.S. monitoring of American citizens . In contrast , Americans tilt toward the view that eavesdropping on foreign leaders is an acceptable practice , though they are divided over using this technique on average people in other countries . But six - in - ten Americans ( 61 % ) also oppose the government monitoring communications of U.S. citizens . Note : The introduction   for this post has been
) or some ( 28 % ) of what they learn from candidates running for office . There are no partisan differences in how much people trust national or local news organizations . About six - in - ten Republicans ( 62 % ) , Democrats ( 60 % ) and independents ( 58 % ) say they trust a lot or some of the information they get from national news organizations . Figures are higher for local media : 75 % of Republicans , 68 % of Democrats and 69 % of independents trust at least
generation . About half ( 53 % ) consider themselves to be a typical American , while 44 % say they are very different from a typical American . By contrast , only 37 % of immigrant Hispanics consider themselves a typical American . This share rises to 67 % among second - generation Hispanics and to 79 % among third - or - higher - generation Hispanics – views that partially reflect their birth in the U.S.
be slightly less concerned about the deficit than they have been in recent years . In a Pew Research Center survey conducted June 16 - 22 , just under half of U.S. adults ( 47 % ) called the deficit “ a very big problem ” in the country today – down from 55 % in the fall of 2018 . Over roughly that same period , the deficit grew from $ 779.1 billion at the end of fiscal 2018 to $ 2.
program ( DACA ) , whose fate has emerged as a key issue in last - minute congressional negotiations aimed at avoiding a government shutdown . Opinions about expanding the U.S.-Mexico border wall are even more starkly divided along partisan lines . By three - to - one ( 72 % to 24 % ) , Republicans favor expanding the border wall . Democrats oppose
, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of data from the United Nations and European Union . In summer 2015 , thousands of refugees from Syria , Afghanistan , Iraq and other countries entered Europe daily through Greece and Italy . Germany responded to the humanitarian crisis by opening its borders , allowing refugees to make their way north and west from the Greek islands . In all , Europe received its greatest annual number of asylum applicants since 1985 , the first year for which data from Eurostat , the EU
) , Moses , Jesus , John the Baptist and the Prophet Muhammad . Several philosophers and other influential people are also held in high regard by the Druze , including Socrates , Plato , Aristotle and Alexander the Great . 4In Israel , the Druze are active in public life and subject to the military draft . In fact , for more than four decades , the Israeli military had a primarily Druze infantry unit called the Herev , or sword battalion . This is in contrast with Israeli Arabs , who are exempt from military service . About six - in - ten Druze men included in our survey say they have
with that parent either grew stronger afterward or stayed the same , while very few said their relationship weakened .
” ( 23 % ) or “ somewhat sympathetic ” ( 42 % ) toward immigrants who are in the U.S.
adversary ( 26 % ) . Just 22 % say Russia is not much of a problem . Since last November , the percentage viewing Russia as an adversary has risen eight
s . In the new survey , majorities across all educational groups now say they favor same - sex marriage , but levels of support are highest among those who have graduated from college : 79 % among those with postgraduate degrees and 72 % among those with bachelor ’s degrees . Smaller majorities of those with some college experience but no college degree ( 62 %
or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project
: 51 % say this , compared with 46 % of urban and 45 % of suburban in - person voters . And while 8 % of those in urban areas and 6 % in suburban areas say they waited 30 minutes or more ; just 4 % of those in rural areas say the same . Just 3 % of self - reported voters in the 2018 election say it was the first time they had ever voted ; 97 % say they had participated in elections before this year . However , 27 % of midterm voters under age
parties , ratings of the opposing party ’s members have grown more negative over the last year . Both Republicans and Democrats feel more “ coldly ” toward each other than in 2016 . Today , 76 % of Republicans have a cold view
predecessor , George W. Bush , at a comparable point eight years ago . In July 2006 , 36 % approved of
China , while an additional 7 % name Japan . Even in the 10 EU countries included in the survey , a median of only 9 % see the EU as the world ’
have taken our online quiz are much more likely to be active library
) . About six - in - ten consider as essential the commitment to observe the religious teachings in the Quran and Sunnah ( 59 % ) , two important sources of guidance for the Islamic faithful . In addition to these core religious beliefs , 69 % of U.S. Muslims also put a premium on working for justice and equality in society , and 62 % consider it essential to safeguard the environment . The importance of the environment is even more prominent among those who say religion is very important in their lives ; 68 % of this group say protecting the environment is essential to their Muslim identity , compared with only half ( 51 %
sample of approximately 1,000 adults , 18 years of age or older , conducted under the direction of ORC ( Opinion Research Corporation ) . For results based on the total sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the error attributable to sampling is plus or minus 4 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about
. On the other hand , a majority of white officers ( 59 % ) say that when it comes to identifying undocumented immigrants , local police should take an active role . The issue of immigration enforcement has gained prominence after President Donald Trump signed an executive order to boost deportations and penalize “ sanctuary cities ” where local
the share of Mexicans saying in the spring 2014 survey that their government was making progress against drug traffickers came shortly after his capture . However , this view of progress made by the campaign faded over the course of the year
China ( 50 % vs. 24 % ) . Since then , however , the share of Germans who say it is more important for their country to have a close relationship with the U.S. has fallen 13 percentage points , while the share who prioritize a close relationship with China has gone up by 12 points . Today , 37 % of Germans say they prioritize their country ’s relationship with the U.S
in the latter regions , the total fertility rate has dropped below the “ replacement rate ” of about 2.1 lifetime births per woman . The total fertility rate in the U.S. , for example , fell to 1.86 in 2013 . This leads to yet another population worry   over whether there are enough young people to take care of the older populations , as lifespans continue to increase and fertility decreases in certain parts of the world .
% ) of Americans say the economy is recovering , but not strongly , compared with just 16
the Brussels - based institution , with roughly seven - in - ten in Poland and Spain
be bad for the UK , compared with nearly as many ( 44 %
. For the first time , more now say the government is doing not too well or not at all well in reducing the threat of terrorism ( 52 % ) than say the government is doing either very or fairly well ( 46 % ) . Positive ratings have fallen 26 points since January ( when 72 % said very / fairly well ) . Compared to early 2015 , assessments of government efforts to combat terrorism are more negative across the political spectrum . Democrats are now the only partisan group in which a majority ( 64 % ) say the government is doing at least fairly well ( down from 85
based on an 11 - item knowledge index . By contrast , Republicans with a high level of science knowledge were no more likely than those with a low level of knowledge to say human activity plays a strong role in climate change . A similar pattern was found regarding people ’s beliefs about energy issues . These findings illustrate that the relationship between people ’s level of science knowledge and their attitudes can be complex .
% to 58 % , according to the state exit poll . That ’s a marked decline from 2010 , when 50 % of Hispanics voted for Scott and from 2006 , when the Latino vote was split 49%-49 % between the two parties . In the Texas race for governor , Democrat Wendy Davis won the Latino vote 55 % to 44 % but lost the election to Republican Greg Abbott . In California ’s governor race , a greater share of Hispanics voted Democratic than in the previous two midterm elections . Gov. Jerry Brown ( D ) won the Hispanic vote by a margin of 73 % to
with less education out - earned their husband
. For the first time , more now say the government is doing not too well or not at all well in reducing the threat of terrorism ( 52 % ) than say the government is doing either very or fairly well ( 46 % ) . Positive ratings have fallen 26 points since January ( when 72 % said very / fairly well ) . Compared to early 2015 , assessments of government efforts to combat terrorism are more negative across the political spectrum . Democrats are now the only partisan group in which a majority ( 64 % ) say the government is doing at least fairly well ( down from 85
schools in its area . The Carbondale - Marion , Illinois , and Beaumont - Port Arthur , Texas , areas were next above it at 20 % and 23 % , respectively . Across U.S. metro areas , OPT has resulted in both net “ importers ” and net “ export
the Christian Democratic Party , which at the time was not part of the governing coalition . After the law went into effect , the Protestant Church of the Netherlands , representing about 12 %
S. Most recently , there has been a surge of Cuban immigration following Obama ’s decision to renew relations .
the April 15 filing deadline approaching , Americans ’ top complaint about the tax system is not the amount that they pay in taxes . Rather , it is
race , too . In a summer survey , 74 % of Biden voters said “ it is a lot more difficult ” to be a Black person in this country than to be a White person –
. ” But if the same enhancement results in physical abilities “ far above that of any human known to date , ” far fewer ( 28 % ) say it would be an appropriate use of technology . The same pattern occurs as Americans consider the potential use of gene editing and devices implanted in the brain to augment human abilities . Third , women tend to be more hesitant than men about wanting the enhancements potentially available from these cutting - edge technologies . They are also more negative than men in their judgments and expectations about what such enhancements would mean for society . Interestingly , although majorities of the public expect these enhancement
seen in midterm years since 1994 , though the magnitude of the differences are somewhat more comparable to partisan ratings for recent presidents .
) . However , Germans are much more opposed to more immigration ( making them more aligned with other nations asked about this issue ) , with a 58 % majority saying that they want fewer or no immigrants in their country . Only one - in - ten want more immigrants . In the U.S
who was a different race . ( Respondents could select more than one reason . ) What this told us in a powerful way is that being multiracial is not just the sum of races in an
’s Kurdish minority ( 76 % favor ) . On balance , publics in most of the EU member nations surveyed support Turkish membership in the organization . Majorities in Spain ( 62 % ) and Britain ( 51 % ) favor membership , as do pluralities in Lithuania ( 46 % ) and Poland ( 45 % ) . However , majorities hold the opposite view in two of the EU ’s most powerful countries : Germany ( 71 % oppose ) and France ( 61 % ) . Among the EU countries surveyed , there has been little change since the Pew Global Attitudes Project last asked this question in 2005 , although support for Turkish EU membership has slipped
interest in the start of NATO airstrikes against Serbian forces in March 1999 ( 43 % very closely ) . The current level of interest in Libya is
number of Americans in the “ tails ” of this ideological distribution has doubled
story . Republicans and Democrats followed Iraq news in roughly equal proportions . However , Republicans were somewhat more likely than Democrats to follow the situation in Afghanistan closely . The media devoted slightly more of its coverage to Afghanistan than to Iraq . Overall , coverage of these two military conflicts accounted for 5 % of the national newshole . Closer to home , 23 % of the public paid very close attention to news about U.S
shift in U.S. Muslims ’ views , as there has been among the public as a whole . About half of Muslim Americans ( 52 % ) now say society should accept homosexuality , an increase of 25 percentage points in 10
majority considers the use of such techniques to boost a baby ’s intelligence something that takes technology “ too far . ” About seven - in - ten Americans ( 72 % ) say that changing an unborn baby ’s genetic characteristics to treat
. Among religious groups , majorities of white evangelical Protestants ( 64 % ) and Hispanic Catholics ( 54 % ) oppose legal abortion . Support for legal abortion is highest among Jews ( 86 % ) and the religiously unaffiliated ( 72 % ) . There continue to be wide differences in views based on religious attendance , regardless of affiliation : Fully 72
The boost in the share of Mexicans saying in the spring 2014 survey that their government was making progress against drug traffickers came shortly after his capture . However , this view of progress made by the campaign faded over the course of the year
, there ’s a good deal of agreement   on several issues   between black Democrats and Democrats of other races and ethnicities . For instance , a fall 2019 Pew Research Center survey found that white , black and Hispanic Democrats have broadly similar views that immigrants make a positive contribution to the country and that it ’s the government ’s responsibility to help poor people and to ensure Americans have health care coverage . One issue where black Democrats differ from other Democrats is same - sex marriage : 88 % of white and 76 % of Hispanic Democrats say legal same - sex marriage
. However , anti - incumbency sentiment runs much stronger among those who have been closely following this story , and that is especially the case among independent voters . As a general rule , independents tend to follow news stories less closely than their partisan counterparts . But independents ’ interest in news about corruption in Congress is on par with interest among Democrats , and exceeds Republicans ’ interest in these reports . Overall , 69 % of voters who are closely following reports about corruption say most members should not be reelected in 2006 , far more antago
’s wealth ( 21 % ) , his family and upbringing ( 19 % ) or his religious beliefs ( 16 % ) . The latest national survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , conducted July 19 - 22 among 1,001 adults , including 798 registered voters , finds that overwhelming percentages of Democrats ( 93 % ) , independents ( 91 % ) and Republicans ( 89 % ) say they already know enough about Obama to form a clear impression of him . By contrast , Republican voters are more likely than Democrats to feel they need to learn more about Romney to form a clear impression of him ( 34 % vs
is almost entirely due to a drop in the number of Mexican unauthorized immigrants coming to the U.S. In 2017 , Mexicans accounted for 20 % of unauthorized immigrants who came to the U.S. in the previous five years , compared with 52 % in 2007 . This represents a decrease in the average annual inflow of Mexican unauthorized immigrants
the last decade . This marks the longest period of low trust in government since the question was first asked in 1958 . Trust in government has typically been higher among those associated with the party in control of the White House than among those who support the opposing party . This is true today as Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are now more likely than Democrats and Democratic leaners to say they trust the federal government to do what is right always or most of the time ( 28 % vs. 15 % , respectively ) . Trust in government among Republicans has increased 17 points since October 2015 . The current share of Republicans who say they trust
ideology is taken into account . Fully 66 % of consistently conservative Republicans think the Democrats ’ policies threaten the nation ’s well
be very concerned over getting COVID-19 and needing to be hospitalized . The new national survey by Pew Research Center , conducted April 7 to 12 among 4,917 U.S. adults on the American Trends Panel , finds sharp racial disparities in personal experiences with knowing people who have had serious illnesses arising from COVID-19 . Among the public
more with Israel , 49 % think a peaceful two - state solution is possible , while 46 % do not think this is possible . Among those who sympathize more with the Palestinians , 67 % think a way can be found for Israel and an independent Palestinians state to peacefully coe
weapons against the U.S.
% to 58 % , according to the state exit poll . That ’s a marked decline from 2010 , when 50 % of Hispanics voted for Scott and from 2006 , when the Latino vote was split 49%-49 % between the two parties . In the Texas race for governor , Democrat Wendy Davis won the Latino vote 55 % to 44 % but lost the election to Republican Greg Abbott . In California ’s governor race , a greater share of Hispanics voted Democratic than in the previous two midterm elections . Gov. Jerry Brown ( D ) won the Hispanic vote by a margin of 73 % to
the initial tariffs imposed on German and other EU products ( 51 % vs. 44 % ) . Germans , however , support retaliatory tariffs by a large margin : Nearly eight - in - ten ( 78 %
to do a better job of taking their interests and preferences into account in the future , even if that meant it would
members than other households . This partly reflects the country ’s increasing racial and ethnic diversity . The Asian , black and Hispanic populations are more likely to live in multigeneration
, including the Clean Water Act and the Endangered Species Act . Earth Day has since expanded across the globe , bringing citizens together – at least virtually for 2020 – to educate , mobili
) , while 126,800 refugees returned to their countries of origin . The refugee counts also   do n’t
a high - speed internet connection at home . Seven - in - ten suburban residents and two - thirds of urban dwellers say they subscribe to broadband services at home , compared with 58 %
population in the U.S. increased 2.6 million from the fourth quarter of 2007 to the fourth quarter of 2008 . Latinos accounted for 1.1 million , or 41.7 % , of the total increase . In contrast to the recent past , however , the vast majority of the increase in the Latino working
: 44 % say this now , while 32 % say race and racial issues receive too much attention and 19 % think the amount of attention is about right . In May 2016 , a smaller share ( 35 % ) said too little attention was being paid to race in the country . There are stark differences across demographic , partisan and ideological groups in attitudes about the level of attention on racial issues ; still , across most groups , the share saying there is too little attention has grown since 2016 . Whites are divided in their views of the level of attention paid to race and
percentage of voters in a national survey who say they intend to vote for either the Republican or Democratic candidate for the U.S. House of Representatives in their district.1 Of course , there is no nationwide election for the House ; instead , there are separate races in each of the House ’s 435 districts . Moreover , over the last decade and a half , the number of truly competitive districts has declined significantly . [ For an analysis of the impact of this phenomenon see “ Can Safe Seats
or that it should be legal just for medical use ( 32 % ) . Fewer than one - in - ten ( 8 % ) prefer to keep marijuana illegal in all circumstances . 11The number of people living in the U.S. without authorization has decreased over the past decade , driven by a sharp decline in
there is a reverse pattern , with those on the political left in some countries more concerned about it than those on the right . This is most stark in the U.S. , where 86 % of liberals say climate change is a major concern , versus only 31 % of conservatives . But this left - right divide also exists in Canada , the Netherlands , the UK , Sweden and Germany , though not to the same extent as in America . In views of ISIS as a threat , there is also a divide by age . In seven countries in Europe , North America and Russia , people ages 50 and older are much more
adults . The News Interest Index is a weekly survey conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press aimed at gauging the public ’s interest in
. By more than two - to - one , more Republicans ( 72 % ) than Democrats ( 34 % ) currently favor the death penalty . Two decades ago , when majorities in both parties favored the death penalty , the partisan gap was only 16 percentage points ( 87 % of Republicans vs. 71 % of Democrats ) . And , for the first time in decades , independents are as likely to oppose the use of the death penalty ( 45 % ) as they are to favor it ( 44 % ) . The share of independents who support capital punishment has fallen 13 points since last year ( from 57
. And greater engagement with national politics on Twitter is tied to political behaviors that extend beyond the social media platform . Those who tweet about politics are more likely than other users to report engaging in a variety of political activities , such as attending rallies and contacting elected officials . Prior research by the Center has found that politically engaged Republicans and Democrats in the general public are more likely than less - engaged partisans to hold a range of negative attitudes about the opposing party . And this new analysis indicates that partisans who tweet about national political issues tend to have colder views of the
users , with a margin of error of plus or minus 2
party to unite behind Clinton if she became the nominee . Immigration is a top voting issue for Latino voters , second only to the economy . As is the case among all voters , the economy is among the top issues for Hispanic voters : 86 % say it is very important to their vote . But Hispanic voters are about as likely to say immigration is very important to their vote ( 79 % ) . This is on par with the shares naming health care ( 82 % ) , terrorism ( 80 % ) , education ( 78 % ) and foreign policy ( 74
) says the press has been fair in its coverage of the first Latina
however , that there is little optimism about greater bipartisanship in any part of the country . Residents in these districts take a particularly negative view of George W.
influence with Trump in the White House ( 80 % of Democrats , 70 % of Republicans ) . And about half in both parties expect conservative Christians to gain
And those at the low end of the economic ladder — adults who earn less than $ 30,000 per year — are equally as likely as better - off Americans to
. Press ratings are similar to those given in March 2011 in response to coverage of the shooting of Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords in Tucson , Arizona . The press has generally received more positive than negative ratings for its coverage of other major news events , including the shootings at Virginia Tech and Hurricane Katrina . Ratings were particularly high for the job the press did covering the September 11th terrorist attacks : in September , 2001 , nearly nine - in - ten ( 89 % ) said the press had done an excellent ( 56 % ) or good ( 33
was how few saw the events in Tucson as a sign of broader social problems . Most ( 58 % ) Americans say things like this are just the isolated acts of troubled individuals . Only about half as many ( 31 % ) saw the shooting in Tucson as a reflection of broader problems in American society . By comparison , Americans were more likely to see broader problems behind the Virginia Tech shootings nearly four years ago – at that time , 46 % thought the tragic events reflected broader societal problems . Those who see broader social problems behind the shooting offer a variety of explanations . When asked to describe , in their own words , what the tragedy reflects in society
teachers an average rating of 72 , Democrats gave teachers an
; 30 % say she is being held to a higher standard than past presidential candidates because she is a woman , while just 17 % say she is being treated less critically . Overall , women ( 38 % ) are somewhat more likely than men ( 22 % ) to say Clinton is being held to a higher standard . Obama job approval at 54 % . Obama ’s job rating among the general public is little changed from August ( 53 % ) , but stands at its highest point since December 2012 , a month after he won reelection . Obama ’s job rating has been in positive territory
more than four - in - ten in Japan , Australia and South
Among recent immigrants from Asia , for example , 57 % have completed college , compared with 13 % for recent Mexican immigrants and 28 % for immigrants from other Central or South American
, reversing a decrease that occurred in 2015 . 5Among the 25 most populous countries in the world , Egypt , Russia , India , Indonesia and Turkey had the highest overall levels of religious restrictions . China had the highest levels of government restrictions on religion , while India had the highest levels of social hostilities involving religion . Both countries had the highest levels of restrictions in these respective categories
many ( 52 % ) say they should be raised . Another 21 % say corporate tax rates should be kept the same as they are now
data ( 49 % were at least somewhat confident ) . Americans had more confidence in other institutions , such as cellphone
The Colbert Report . And other studies have shown that people do , in fact , learn from these programs while they laugh . As The Colbert Report ends this month after 10 seasons , here are some key facts and new analysis about the show ’s audience , including who has heard of , gets news from and trusts it as a source of political news . 1About six - in - ten ( 62 % ) online adults have heard of The Colbert Report , and 10 %
– when the depths of the economic crisis were becoming more clear and the nation was nearing the presidential election – many thought coverage was overly negative ; 45 % said news reports presented the economy as it was , 40 % said news reports made conditions seem worse than they were and just 11 % thought news reports painted too rosy a picture . Looking at the public ’s news interest last week , nearly three - in - ten ( 28 % ) say they followed news about the economy most closely , while 12 % say they followed news about this year ’
the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of
primary voters say immigration is a very important issue in their decision about who to vote for in 2016 . However , 84 % of those who say they would be more likely to support a candidate who wants to deport all
) said the party would unite behind Barack Obama if he won the Democratic nomination . Thus far , the 2016 presidential campaign has attracted very high levels of interest – fully 85 % of registered voters say they have given “ quite a lot ” of thought to the election . That is higher than the shares of voters who said they had given a great deal of thought to the election at this point in 2012 ( 66 % ) and 2008 ( 78 % ) . Yet the primary process gets relatively low marks from voters in both parties , with the notable exception of Trump supporters . Just 35 % of registered voters – including 42 % of Republicans and 30
, and those with at least one parent who identifies as multiracial . Among interracial and interethnic infants , the most common racial / ethnic combination for parents is one non - Hispanic white and one Hispanic parent ( 42 % ) . The next largest share of these infants have at least one parent who identifies as multiracial ( 22 %
empty
school graduates ages 18 to 24 were enrolled in college , up from 32 % in 1999 . Despite these gains , Hispanics trail other groups in earning a bachelor ’s
Project for Excellence in Journalism . That was down from 32 % of coverage the previous week when Obama delivered his address to Congress . The president also continued to be the top newsmaker as measured by PEJ . Not surprisingly , Republicans are much more likely than Democrats to say they have been hearing too much about Obama . Close
Pakistan . Overall , just 19 % of Indians express a positive view of Pakistan . And when asked which poses the greatest threat to India – Pakistan , China , the Lashkar - e - Taiba extremist group or Naxalite insurgents – a 47%-plurality chooses Pakistan . Still , most Indians hope for a stronger relationship with Pakistan . A majority ( 64 % ) would like to see improved relations with India ’s long - running rival , and more than half support more trade and more talks between
year , the bureau has to make adjustments , which is one reason why whether a tipping point has been reached is uncertain . For its July 2012 estimate , released in June 2013 , the agency had birth data only through Jan. 1 , 2011 . So the bureau undertook a complex , multi - stage update process , factoring in population patterns and race boxes checked by families in the 2010 census . It then
but that role is not always clear - cut or entirely positive.
level of interest in a president ’s final State of the Union address is hardly unprecedented . In the weeks before Bill Clinton ’s final address to Congress and the nation in 2000 , just 16 % rated it as more important than usual , while 22 % said it was less important . Last year amid growing concerns about the war in Iraq , the public was divided over whether President Bush
to increased democracy in Cuba also has risen , though fewer than half ( 43 % ) say they expect Cuba to become more democratic over the next several years . Still , in January just 32 % predicted that Cuba would become more democratic . The latest Pew Research Center survey , conducted July 14 - 20 , 2015 among 2,002 adults , finds that support for renewed U.S. diplomatic relations with Cuba has increased across nearly all partisan groups since January . Currently , 56 % of Republicans say they approve of the U.S
race that need to be discussed . ” Wide racial differences also are evident in opinions about of whether local police went too far in the aftermath of Brown ’s death , and in confidence in the investigations
. About three - quarters of Republicans ( 76 % ) say they are not too or not at all confident in Democratic congressional leadership , while the same share of Democrats ( 76 % ) says this about GOP leaders . Yet Democrats are even less likely to express confidence in Trump : 89 % have little or no confidence in Trump to make wise decisions about tax policy , including two - thirds ( 67 % ) who say they are not at all confident in him on this issue . About half of Americans ( 54 % ) say the budget deficit is a very serious problem for the country right now ; 35
) say “ relying too much on military force to defeat terrorism creates hatred that leads to more terrorism . ” These attitudes are little changed from earlier this year ,
s loss in 2016 ( 83 % now , 61 % in November 2016 ) . Republicans are nearly as optimistic about the GOP as they were in 2016 ( 74 % now , 79 % then ) . Note
weapons against the U.S.
they can see the view of Earth from space , while 20 % want to “ learn more about the world . ” The 58 % of U.S. adults who say they would n’t want to orbit the Earth aboard a spacecraft believe that such a trip would be either “ too expensive ” ( 28 % of those asked ) or “ too scary ” ( 28 % ) , or that their age or health would n
has become more prominent . Within the region , many say that Turkey plays a more important role . People in Turkey and Jordan are the most likely to say Turkey ’s role in the region has grown . Israel is the only country where a plurality says Turkey has lost influence over the past decade . This view is more common among Israeli Jews ( 45 % ) than among Israeli Arabs ( 29 % ) . About eight - in - ten in Lebanon say that Iran is more influential in the Middle East today than it was 10 years ago . Large majorities across all religious groups hold this view : 89 % of Shia Muslims
who penned a 2018 New York Times op - ed and a subsequent book in 2019 that criticized Trump and who claimed to be an administration official . The public ’s approval of anonymous sourcing , then , depends heavily on why these sources are being used . But news organizations may not be making this entirely clear . Fewer than half of Americans ( 42 % ) say that news outlets do very or somewhat well in telling their audiences how they choose or find sources , according to a recent Pew Research Center report . Democrats are somewhat more likely than Republicans to express support for journalists ’ use of anonymous sources , though majorities
( 53 % median ) . Concerns about President Trump ’s leadership appear to have taken a greater toll on foreign policy experts ’ views of the future than on the publics ’ .
people agree on basic facts even though they disagree politically ” describes the country very or somewhat well . The shares expressing this view have declined modestly in both parties since 2018 . Small shares of Republicans ( 28 % ) and Democrats ( 24 % ) also say the phrase “ people who give a lot of money to elected officials do not have more political influence than other people ” describes the country well . Yet there are substantial differences on other items : On 10 items included in the survey , the widest gaps are on whether “ everyone has an equal opportunity succeed ” ( 76 % of Republicans say this describes the U.S.
. Just two - in - ten Americans say they can trust the government in Washington to do what is right “ just about always ” ( 4 % ) or “ most of the time ” ( 16 % ) .
Islam from its enemies . And support for the tactic has fallen in many countries over the last decade . Still , in some countries a substantial minority say that suicide bombing can be justified . These are the main findings of a new Pew Research Center survey conducted among 14,244 respondents in 14 countries with significant Muslim populations from April 10 to May 25 , 2014 . The survey was conducted prior to the recent takeover of Mosul and other areas of Iraq by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria ( ISIS).1 Majorities in most of the nations polled are concerned about extremism . And in most Middle Eastern countries , concern about extremism
who said their only contact with a newspaper was in print . The print edition also remains an important part of newspapers ’ business model : More than three - quarters of their advertising revenue comes from print . Indeed , print newspaper readers tend to be news enthusiasts . They are more likely to often watch local TV news than those newspaper readers who access the paper online instead of or in addition to the print edition . And although print - only readers in the three cities studied are certainly older than their counterparts who access the paper online – in their mid-50s , compared with online newspaper readers , who were generally in their early to mid-
However , Trump ’s job approval rating is higher than those of Republican and Democratic congressional leaders . Just 22 % approve of the way Republican congressional leaders are doing their jobs , down 12 percentage points since February . Job ratings for Democratic leaders are not quite as negative ( 29 % approve ) , though also are lower than in February ( 37 %
of these age groupings in the higher - income using email than those in the same age groupings from lower - income households . Again , the practical differences were slight indicating that age was not a major contributing factor . Given that $ 75,000 is only about one and half times the median household income of $ 49,777 4 , we also examined those in the higher - income brackets exclusively.3   In the August - September 2010 Pew Internet survey there were 142 respondents who reported living in households earning $ 150,000 or more , which is the dataset used for
) says this . A third of the public says Trump ’s temperament is about right when making important decisions ; only 4 % say he is too cautious when making decisions . Two - thirds of Republicans ( 66 % ) say Trump is about right when making important decisions ; 31 % say he is too impulsive . A substantial majority of Democrats ( 86 % ) say Trump is too impulsive , while just 8 % say he is about right in making key decisions . Trump ’
) as women ( 12 %
are highly dependent on context – as one person ’s cute is another person ’s creepy . Beyond perpetrating potentially inappropriate or harmful behavior , teen daters also can be the recipients of – possibly more serious – controlling or potentially abusive experiences at the hands of significant others . These questions ask about nine experiences and whether they occur during a relationship and/or after a relationship ends . And like the practices our survey respondents told us they engaged in above , these behaviors and experiences are in some cases dependent on context of the interaction .
) . 3About a third of the UK ’s immigrants ( 2.9 million , or 34 % ) were born in other EU countries . By contrast , Luxembourg , at 89 % , has the highest share of its immigrant population that is from other EU countries .
in some fashion but do not have a computer or tablet at home . And a median of 27
has worsened race relations in the United States . Three - in - ten say Trump ’s election has not made a difference when it comes to race relations , and just
and in fertility patterns can delay those long - term shifts . In 2012 , the Census Bureau declared that in 2011 most children younger than age 1 were minorities . The bureau ’s population estimates also indicated minorities were the majority among babies in 2012 . But when the bureau released its 2013 estimates , it revised those earlier estimates to indicate that , in all three years , newborn non - Hispanic whites still outnumbered minorities , by a small margin . The estimates released this year included revised 2013 estimates that now say there were about a thousand more minority babies than non - Hispanic white babies that year ,
throughout . Just 8 % of those who initially identified as Republicans aligned with the Democrats in March ( 4 % identified as Democrats , 4 % leaned Democratic ) . Similarly , 7 % of those who identified as Democrats defected to the GOP ( 4 %
. While majorities of both men and women say there is at least some discrimination against women , this view is more widely held among women ( 76 % ) than it is among men ( 62 % ) . Both men and women are substantially less likely to see discrimination against men . Men are slightly more likely than women to say there is a lot or some discrimination against men ( 43 % of men , 36 % of women ) . Within partisan groups there are no gender gaps in views about discrimination against men : About half of Republican men ( 51 % ) and a similar share of GOP women ( 44 % ) say that there is at least
in the last 10 years . These views are largely unchanged since 2016 . In the UK , those who support the populist UK Independence Party are more likely to say their country ’s global status has increased , compared with those who feel unfavorably toward the party ( 31 % vs. 20 % , respectively ) . Meanwhile , Brits with a favorable view of the EU are more likely to say their country plays a less important role in the world than Brits with an
The Pew Research Center ’
group , according to Gallup . In July , just 14 % of young adults said they smoked in the previous week , compared with 19 % of those ages 30 to 49 and 18 % of those 50 to 64 . 3As of summer 2018 , those under 30 were less likely than older Americans to believe vaping is harmful to one ’s health . Roughly one - fifth of U.S. adults ( 22 % ) under age 30 said vaping is “ very harmful ” to one ’s health , compared with 40 % of adults ages 30 to 64 and 48 % of those 65 and older , according to the same July 2018 Gall
the impact of churches positively . By contrast , only about a third of the religiously unaffiliated ( 34 % ) take a positive
s job approval rating among registered voters has risen from 37 % in early October , to 41 % in the current survey . Mirroring the GOP ’s gains among independent voters , Bush ’
Castro ( 89 % ) compared with those on the left ( 40 % no confidence vs. 57 %
. The biggest gaps are in news about one ’s own city or town . In 20 countries , people ages 50 and older are significantly more likely than people younger than 30 to closely follow local news . The age gap is at least 15 percentage points in 11 of the countries . Only in the Philippines and Brazil is the pattern reversed ; there , young people are more likely to follow local news . For international news , age is less of a factor . In general , men and those with more education are more
the former general who led the military takeover . As a new Pew Research Center survey highlights , most Egyptians still favor Morsi ’s ouster , but the public mood is grim , and Sisi ’s support is limited . 1Egyptians are about as unhappy with the direction of their country as they were back in spring 2010 , less than a year before the revolution that toppled then
cases would have been lower , compared with just 27 % of Republicans and Republican leaners who say
democracy is working than do Democrats : 72 % of Republicans and
UK . Roughly six - in - ten say it is a major threat to their country , while only 48 % say the same in England , Northern Ireland and Wales . Meanwhile , the rest of the UK feels more threatened by the large number of refugees leaving countries such as Iraq and Syria ( 54 % major threat ) . Just 41 % of Scottish people agree . 5The rest of Europe sees Brexit as pivotal for the well - being of the EU . Before the referendum , a median of 70 % said that they thought it would be a bad thing for the EU if the UK were to leave . This included 89 % of the Sw
military action in Iraq . While adults under 30 favored military action by three - to - one ( 69 % favor-23 % oppose ) , adults 65 and older offered less support ( 51%-31 % ) . And during the past decade of Pew Research
contrast , 59 %
school : A quarter of schools with fewer than 300 students reported officers on site , compared with 42 % of schools with 500 to 999 students . ( Comparable data for primary schools with 1,000 or more students are unavailable . ) Few primary schools with officers on site at least once a week reported that officers were at school for all instructional hours every day ( 13 % ) . In contrast , 85 % of primary schools with officers present said these officers were on site at some point   during school hours , while smaller majorities said officers were at school when students were arriving or leaving ( 67 % ) or at selected school activities , such as science fairs or
. Among both Republicans and Democrats , however , majorities place the U.S. among the greatest nations , rather than saying it stands above others or that other nations are superior . In the new survey , 60 % of Democrats and 52 % of Republicans say the U.S. is one of the greatest countries in the world , again little changed from 2015 . While the view that there are countries better than the U.S
. Members of the SPD fall in the middle , with 41 % saying Germany should increase defense spending . Americans and Germans also take differing stances on the U.S. military presence in Germany . People in the U.S. see their country ’s military bases in Germany as much more important to the security of their country than Germans do : 85 % of Americans believe these bases are important to the U.S
% mention issues related to war , foreign policy , or terrorist threats , down from 54 % in February . And while the war in Iraq still dominates the news , the public is divided over what should be
the current poll , half or more of those surveyed have a positive opinion of the U.S. in 28 of 38 nations . The percentage of people who give the U.S. a positive rating has increased significantly in 19 of the 28 countries polled both this year and in 2007 , when the Pew Research Center last conducted a global survey on this scale . America ’s improved image is coincident with Barack Obama assuming the presidency in 2009 . Obama has largely received more positive ratings than his predecessor , George W. Bush
war : 49 % now say they sympathize with Israel in its dispute with the Palestinians while just 11 % sympathi
more varied . Overall , many people hold skeptical views of climate scientists and GM food scientists ; a larger share express trust in medical scientists , but there , too , many express what survey analysts call a “ soft ” positive rather than a strongly positive view . There are , of course , important differences in opinions about scientists in each of these domains . For example , people ’s views about climate scientists vary strongly depending on their political orientation , consistent with more than a decade of partisan division over this issue . But public views about GM food scientists and medical scientists are not strongly divided along political lines . Instead , views about GM
) say vaccines for MMR are safe for healthy children . Whites ( 87 % safe vs. 6 % unsafe ) express a more positive view than non - whites ( 76 %
, down 60 % from the pre-9/11 level in 2001 . But upticks in the number of refugees came in 2004 with a wave of Somali refugees , and in 2008 when thousands of Burmese and Bhutanese were granted refugee status . More recently , the ongoing conflict in Syria has displaced six - in - ten Syrians , or 12.5 million , from their homes , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of global refugee data . In fiscal 2016 , the Obama administration resettled 12,587 Syrian refugees , more than 20 % above the original
among the 13 agencies asked about . More recently , 60 % of respondents in an NBC News / Wall Street Journal poll said they had “ very ” ( 28 % ) or “ somewhat ” (
in this period ( 77 % then , 81 % now ) . Still , Republicans remain less supportive of stricter environmental laws and regulations than they were during the 1990s and much of the 2000s . In 2007 , for example , 58 % of Republicans said they were worth the cost . Republicans are divided ideologically over stricter environmental regulations . Among the roughly two - thirds of Republicans and Republican leaners who describe their political views as conservative , 60 % say stricter laws cost too many jobs and hurt the economy . Among the party ’s moderates and liberals ( who make up about a third of all Republicans and GOP leaners ) , 60
the succession law is probably over .
is focused on coverage of local or even neighborhood - level news ; it is just as likely to operate as a nonprofit organization as for - profit model ; and it has a lean full - time editorial staff of three or fewer people . In total , these small digital operations have created about 2,000 of the roughly 5,000 full - time editorial jobs we identified in the digital news world , and they represent a growing and increasingly
from Sept. 11 to Oct. 13 , 2014 . AAAS is the world ’s largest general scientific society , and includes members from all scientific fields . Founded in 1848 , AAAS publishes Science , one of the most widely circulated peer - reviewed scientific journals in the world . Membership in AAAS is open to all . The survey was conducted under the direction of Princeton Survey Research
% say they have some confidence . About three - in - ten ( 28 % ) say they have very little or no confidence at all in the future
. The share of veterans who are Hispanic is expected to nearly double from 7 % to 13 % , while the share who are black is expected to increase from 12 % to 16 % . 4Fewer members of Congress have prior military experience than in the past . As the share of Americans who are veterans has declined , so has the share of Congress members who have previously served in the military . In the current Congress , 20 % of senators and 19 % of representatives had prior military service , down drastically
However , support for this free trade agreement is much more robust in most other TPP nations surveyed . This includes two - thirds or more of Vietnamese ( 89 % good thing ) , Peruvians ( 70 % ) and Chileans ( 67 % ) . And at least half or more in Mexico ( 61 % ) , Japan ( 53 % ) , Australia ( 52 % ) and Canada ( 52 % ) also support the deal . In Malaysia , only 38 % support the agreement , but that is due in part to 31 % volunteering that they have not heard enough . Within the U.S. , there are partisan differences on support
survey think the U.S. will accomplish its goals there . More than six - in - ten of those age 30 and under ( 62 % ) believe the U.S. will accomplish its goals in Iraq . In general , young people are as
23.0 % for Asians and 25.0 % for Hispanics ( who can be of any race ) . About 1.3   million more teens were employed in July 2014 than in April , a rough gauge of summer jobholding ; 1.1 million , or 84.2 % , were white . When teens do get summer jobs , where are they working ? Nearly a third ( 32.2 % ) of the 5.6 million teens who were employed last July worked in “ accommodation and food services ” – restaurants , hotels and
Act , 47 % approved of the legislation and 43 % disapproved . The current survey finds more intense opposition than support for the health care law . While 41 % strongly disapprove of the law , only about a quarter ( 26 % ) strongly approve . Overall opinion about the health care law has fluctuated in recent years , yet the patterns of opposition and support across demographic and partisan groups have remained fairly steady since the legislation was first being debated in Congress . For instance , just 12 % of Republicans favored
partisan differences in these opinions . Roughly equal shares of partisans — 57 % of Republicans , 53 % of Democrats and 56 % of independents — say that the practice is unacceptable . News reports indicate that President Obama was unaware of the program to tap Merkel ’s phone and that he might ban
community , their personal financial situation and their personal health . Missing work for an extended period because of the coronavirus would hurt lower - income , less highly educated , younger and nonwhite workers more than others in the labor force . Overall , just over half of employed people ( 54 % ) say they would not get paid if the coronavirus caused them to miss work for at least two weeks . The larger share of this group ( 33 % of all employed people ) say
the same share as in 2016 , when the Center last asked this question – while the share who consider its preventive health benefits to be “ very high ” has grown by 11 percentage points during that time ( from 45 % to 56 % ) . A 69 %
for at least the next two decades . Views on immigration ’s impact on U.S.-born workers have shifted significantly over the past decade , according to a Pew Research Center survey released last year . Americans then were almost evenly divided , with 42 % saying the growing number of immigrants working in the U.S
importance than younger Americans to several policy objectives – including defending against terrorism ( 84 %
2012 , but by 2014 , California ’s share had dropped below that of Texas . At the other end of the spectrum , the share of students with unauthorized immigrant parents was less than 1 % in six states , mainly in the Midwest and Northeast . Estimates for the nation and each state on the share of students with at least one unauthorized immigrant
average to above - average levels of preparation – a metric that combines formal education , on - the - job training and prior related experience – is   expected to grow
; or helping hold powerful people accountable for their actions . Those who have changed a view thanks to social media are somewhat more likely to agree that these statements describe social media well . At the same time , majorities in both camps also agree that social media distracts people from issues that are truly important or makes people think they are making a difference when they really are n
those with no more than a high school degree ( 53 % ) say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry . While Republicans overall are divided in views of same - sex marriage , moderate and liberal Republicans are much more supportive than are conservative Republicans ( 63 % vs. 39 % ) . There also are wide ideological differences among Democrats , though majorities of conservative and moderate Democrats ( 66 % ) and liberal Democrats (
local libraries offer such programs . Yet nearly half ( 47 % ) say they do not know if such programs are offered by their local libraries and another 27 % say these kinds of classes are not available in their communities . Programs on starting a new business : Some 33 % of local libraries offer such programs , according to IPAC , and 24 % of adults say their local libraries offer programs on starting a new
the political wisdom of the American people are largely unchanged over the past year . Republicans , however , have become less likely to express trust and confidence
while 46 % do not think this is possible . Among those who sympathize more with the Palestinians , 67 % think a way can be found for Israel and an independent Palestinians state to peacefully coexi
Americans ( 22 % ) say this was their top story of the week . That ranked nearly as high as news about the economy ( 27 % most closely ) . Among whites , just 9 % say the execution was their top story . Three times as many ( 31 % ) cite the economy as the story they followed most closely . With global stock markets fluctuating dramatically and no sign of improvement on the jobs front at home , more than four - in - ten
House launching impeachment proceedings , while an identical share was opposed . The vast majority of those who now either approve or disapprove of the House conducting an impeachment inquiry ( 85 % ) held similar views in early September . Overall , 45 % approve of the impeachment
question was first posed in 2002 . Similarly , most Americans since then have also said the U.S. listens to other countries when making foreign policy . In 2002 , however , 75 % of Americans said this was the case , compared with 57 % seen today . Note : See full topline results ( PDF ) and methodology here
threat of terrorism ; roughly six - in - ten ( 61 % ) offer a negative appraisal . The public has long been more likely to say Barack Obama is “ not tough enough ” on foreign policy and national security ( 58 % currently ) than say his approach is “ about right ” ( 34 % ) or “ too tough ” ( just 2 % ) . The share now saying Obama is not tough enough is up five percentage points from July ( 53 % ) , though little different from views at the beginning of the year ( 55 % ) . Fully 84 % of Republicans say Obama ’s approach to foreign policy is
However , Germans are much more opposed to more immigration ( making them more aligned with other nations asked about this issue ) , with a 58 % majority saying that they want fewer or no immigrants in their country . Only one - in - ten want more immigrants . In the U.S
should help other countries deal with their problems and to think the U.S. can learn from other countries about effective ways to combat coronavirus . Those with more education are also more likely to trust information from the WHO and the European Union , and to believe the U.S. will emerge from the crisis with less influence in global affairs . As nations around the world grapple with how to respond to the COVID-19 outbreak , most Americans think the U.S. can learn from other countries about how to limit the spread of the coronavirus . More than eight - in - ten Americans say the U.S. can learn
. About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say they followed these developments very closely . In mid - June , 24 % said they were following the debate over whether to raise the federal debt limit very closely . One - in - ten ( 10 % ) say news about the situation in Afghanistan was their top story ; 22 % say they followed news about Afghanistan very closely . This news accounted for 5 % of coverage . Smaller numbers cite the financial crisis and protests in Greece ( 4 % ) or the Supreme Court ruling that overturned a California ban on selling violent videogames to minors ( 3
% say that they consider the right to vote as essential to their own personal sense of freedom . A 59 % majority says that everything possible should be done to make it
offense , followed by robbery , rape , and murder / non - negligent manslaught
as do majorities in Britain ( 67 % ) , Germany ( 65 % ) , Spain ( 61 % ) and Russia ( 56 % ) .
are on par with people living in lower
however , are much more likely to know that News Corp. owns media organizations in the U.S. than those following less closely ( 64 % vs. 29 % ) . Among the companies owned by News Corp.
. With Congress returning from its August recess , more than half of Americans ( 56 % ) say they plan to watch President Obama ’s prime time speech to lawmakers Wednesday night
effect of weighting . The following table shows the sample sizes and the error attributable to sampling that would be expected at the 95 % level of confidence for different groups in the survey : Sample sizes and sampling errors for other subgroups are available upon request . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias
) . The proportion of Democrats favoring a troop increase has fallen from 29 % to 21 % over the same period . As in October , more people oppose than favor the health care proposals being discussed in Congress ; 47 % say they generally oppose the proposals being discussed in Congress , while 38 % say they favor these proposals . About a third ( 34 % ) says they oppose the legislation very strongly while 24 % favor it very strongly . The survey was mostly completed before the House approved health care reform legislation late
the Pew Global Attitudes survey , Canadians are the most likely to say the U.S. economy has had a negative impact on their country .
The weekly survey is conducted in conjunction with The Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , which monitors the news reported by major newspaper , television , radio and online news outlets on an ongoing basis . In the most recent week , data relating to news coverage were collected August 1 - 7 , and survey data measuring public interest in the top news stories of the week were collected August 4 - 7
s give Trump higher marks than they gave Obama or Bush . Amid ongoing controversies and investigations into allegations of links between the Trump presidential campaign and Russia , attitudes toward the U.S. and its president have turned more positive in Russia . Following the outbreak of the Ukraine crisis in 2014 , Russians ’ ratings for both the U.S. as a country and for Obama plummeted . However , since 2015 – the last time the Center polled in Russia – favorable opinions of the U.
Today , public views of how he has handled his transition to the White House are the lowest for any president dating back to George H.W
. ” A 43 % plurality thinks a border wall would not have much impact on illegal immigration into the U.S. Overall views of the border wall have changed little since last summer . As in the past , there are sharp differences in views across demographic and political groups . Overall , 46 % of whites favor building a wall along the U.S
. Just days after the Jan. 12 earthquake , 60 % said they followed news about that disaster very closely ; 57 % said this was the story they were following most closely . Interest in the oil spill , on the other hand , grew in the weeks following the deadly oil rig explosion on April 20 . That first week , about two - in - ten ( 21 % ) said they were following the explosion very closely . One week later , as the leak continued to grow , 44 % said they were tracking the worsening spill that closely . The number rose to 58 % the week of May 13 - 16
Yet the public has mixed impressions of the campaign so far . Two - thirds ( 67 % ) describe the presidential campaign as interesting – far more than did so before the first primary contests in the 2012 and 2008 campaigns ( 36 % and 37 % , respectively ) . About half ( 48 % ) say the campaign is informative , which is identical to the share that described the campaign as informative in January 2012 . As during prior campaigns , many Americans view the current contest as “ too negative ” ( 54 % describe the campaign this way ) and “ too long ” ( 50 % ) . Moreover , only about a third ( 34 % )
This includes a sharp decline in opinion of Brazil in the past year , with favorable views dropping 17 percentage points since 2014 . Note : See here for topline results
% to 24 % margin that circumstances beyond one person ’s control were primarily to blame for them
rights movements of the late 1960s , to biomedical innovations leading to increased success
political typology survey , released June 26 . Be sure to take our quiz to see where you fit in the political typology . The decline in the view that the U.S. is the greatest country in the world has occurred across most demographic and political groups , but it has been particularly acute among Republicans . In 2011 , 52 % of Republicans said the U.S. stood above all other countries in the world , while 43 % said it was one of the greatest countries in the world , along with some others . Today , Republicans are 15 points less likely to say the U.S. stands above ; 37
. The 2012 race also was overshadowed by other stories – particularly the ongoing debate about the federal budget deficit and national debt . The deficit debate accounted for 31 % of all news coverage , according to a separate analysis by the Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ) . By contrast , coverage of the presidential race accounted for just 2 % of the newshole . While the budget debate drew the most news coverage , it did not attract a great deal of public interest . Slightly more than a third ( 36 % ) followed this story very closely , while 14 % said it was the news story they followed most closely last week .
. Among Democrats and Democratic leaners , 93 % say he definitely or probably has done things that are unethical , with 73 % saying this has definitely occurred . As the new Congress approaches the 100 - day mark , the public generally has negative views of both Democratic and Republican leaders . Just a third approve of the job performance of Democratic congressional leaders , while 59 % disapprove . Job ratings for GOP leaders are similar ( 31 % approve , 63 % disapprove ) . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ’
India ( 7,79
( and less Democratic ) than younger Gen Xers , whose strong Democratic leanings more closely resemble those of older Millennials . Millennials of all ages favor the Democratic Party
) , while 126,800 refugees returned to their countries of origin . The refugee counts also   do n’t include “ internally displaced persons ” ( IDPs ) – people who   have been uprooted from their homes by “ armed conflict , situations of generalized violence , violations of human rights or natural- or human - made
should have a major role in climate policy decisions , compared with other stakeholders . Conservative Republicans are particularly likely to say elected officials and leaders from other nations should have no policymaking role . About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) among this group says leaders from other nations should have no role and
) . For those who married for the first time between 2006 and 2010 , about six - in - ten Hispanic men ( 62 % ) could expect their marriages to last at least 20 years , compared with 54 % of white men and 53 % of black men . Another factor linked to long - lasting marriages is whether couples live together before tying the knot . In short , couples who lived together before getting married had a slightly lower chance of having a long - term marriage than those who did not live together . Among women who did not live with their spouse before getting married for the first time , 57 % can expect to still be married after 20
s removal of Morsi . Fewer Egyptians now say that democracy is preferable to any other form of government than in surveys following the Arab Spring , and for the first time , more say that stability is a priority over democracy . While 45 % of the population says that honest elections with the choice of at least two political parties are very important for Egypt ’s future , that number is down 11 percentage points from 2013 . Egyptians are highly dissatisfied with the direction of their country , with roughly the same level of dissatisfaction as when Mubarak was removed from office in 2011 . With Egyptians showing a declining lack of interest in voting , Egypt ’s
topics , see 24 - Nation Pew Global Attitudes Survey , Report 1 : Global Economic Gloom – China And India Notable Exceptions , June 12 , 2008 and Report 2 : The Chinese Celebrate Their Roaring Economy , As They Struggle With Its Costs , July 22 , 2008 from both of which this summary is excerpted . 2 The survey in China was conducted from March 17 - April 21 , 2008 , following the onset of civil unrest on Tibet , which began on
, to 365,000 , but only because of growing apprehensions of non - Mexicans ;
the specific motivations examined in this survey . At the same time , there is not always such a direct relationship between book reading and overall reading for specific purposes . As noted earlier in this report , young adults are more likely to read books than older adults . And when asked about specific reasons why they might read a range of content , these young adults are much more likely than older adults to say that they read for work or school , or to research a specific topic of interest . However , Americans of all ages are equally likely to indicate that they
Syria , among those Spaniards who are very concerned about ISIS , 73 %
that rises to 53 % among those with incomes of $ 75,000 or more . About half ( 49 % ) of U.S. adults say that Trump ’s economic policies have not had much effect on economic conditions , while those who do say they have had an effect are somewhat more likely to say they have made the economy better ( 29 % ) than worse ( 18 % ) . About six - in - ten ( 63 % ) Republicans and Republican leaners say that Trump ’s policies have improved
keeping up with the election ; this is a higher share than say they turn to the candidates ’ campaign websites ( 10 % ) or emails ( 9 % ) . While all age groups rely more on campaign social media communications than their emails or websites , young adults are the most likely to do so : Nearly four - in - ten ( 37 % ) of those ages 18 to 29 turn to candidates ’ social media accounts , compared with 28 % of those ages 30 to 49 ,
share does not take into account the “ interethnic ” marriages between Hispanics and non - Hispanics , which we covered in an earlier report on intermarriage . ) Looking beyond newlyweds , 6.3 % of all marriages were between spouses of different races in 2013 , up from less
) or that they get the right amount ( 17 % ) . Among white Americans , who are less likely to find the issue very important to their vote in 2016 , 41 % think race is given too much attention in the U.S. , and fewer ( 28 % ) say it gets paid the right amount of attention . White Republicans are especially likely to say the issue of race is paid too much attention in this country today : Roughly six - in - ten ( 59 % ) think this is the case ; 11 % think it ’
person . Some 44 % of Millennials say they do , compared with 36 % of Gen Xers , 34 % of Boomers and 21 % of those in the Silent Generation . Younger generations are more likely to say this among both Democrats and Republicans . Overall , Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 43 % ) are more likely than Republicans and Republican - leaning
express that view now , compared with 27 % three years ago . As to public perceptions of the U.S. global image , two - thirds of
Americans remain markedly different . Roughly three - in - ten adults with household incomes below $ 30,000 a year ( 29 % ) do n’t own a smartphone . More than four - in - ten do n’t have home broadband services ( 44 % ) or a traditional computer ( 46 % ) . And a majority of lower - income Americans are not tablet owners . By comparison , each of these technologies is nearly ubiquitous among adults in households earning $ 100,000 or more
be at least somewhat effective in preventing school shootings . Correction : In a previous version of this post , the charts and topline gave an incorrect end date for the period during which parents and teens were surveyed . The survey ended April 10 .
. In fiscal 2008 , the number of applications decreased by 62 % compared with the previous year . This was because an unusually large number of naturalization applications were filed in fiscal 2007 ahead of an increase in the application fee for adults , from $ 330 to $ 595 , planned for July 30 , 2007 . In
is handling his job in office , including nine - in - ten who strongly disapprove . Among Democratic voters who are not bothered the presumptive nominee is an older white man , 85 % disapprove , including 72 % who do so strongly
or less say that not a single one of these six technologies has had a positive impact on their jobs or careers ; for college graduates that share is just 2 %
the U.S.-China relationship . They are much less worried than Democrats about China ’s impact on the global environment . In general , older Americans tend to see more serious challenges in U.S.-China relations than young people do . For instance , 53 % of those ages 50 and older say China ’s human rights policies are a very serious problem ,
, American opinion differs considerably from that of Western Europeans . Americans are almost evenly divided on the question , with 45 % saying that the U.S. should have UN approval and 44 % saying this would make it too difficult to deal with threats . In contrast , solid majorities in the four Western European nations surveyed , including about three - quarters in Spain ( 74 % ) and Germany ( 76 % ) say their country should have UN approval
’s Likud Party ( 40 % have confidence ) . Overall , eight - in - ten Israelis disapprove of how Obama is dealing with the issue of Iran ’s nuclear program . 3However , the harshest assessments of Obama are found in an increasingly anti - American Russia .   Only 11 % of Russians express confidence in the U.S.
are highly confident that votes across the country will be counted accurately . About half of Trump supporters ( 48 % ) are very or somewhat confident in an accurate vote count nationally , while 51 % say they are not too or not at all confident . By contrast , a 79 % majority of Clinton supporters are confident in the accuracy of the nationwide count , compared with just 20 % who are not . Overall , voters are less confident that their vote will be accurately counted in the upcoming election than they were in 2008 and 2004 . In both 2008 ( 57 % ) and 2004 ( 62 % ) ,
; 53 % say this is the case in the U.S. , compared with just one - third in Germany , 20 % in Britain , 19 % in Spain and 15 % in France . In the U.S. , women and older respondents place more importance on religion and are more likely than men and younger people to say that faith in God is a necessary foundation for morality and good values . About six - in - ten ( 59 % ) American women say religion is very important in their lives , compared with 41 % of men ; and while a majority ( 56 % ) of Americans ages 50 and older say religion is very important
s Project for Excellence in Journalism , midterm news made up 30 % of the newshole . Just more than one - in - ten ( 11 % ) say this was the news they followed most closely . Nearly a quarter ( 23 % ) say they followed election news very closely . Three - in - ten Republicans say they followed election news very closely last week , not much different from the 24 % of Democrats that say this . Two - in - ten independents ( 19 % ) say they followed
( 19 % ) and news about the economic crisis ( 18 % ) , according to the separate analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism . Reporting on the aftermath of the Haiti earthquake made up 11 % of the newshole examined . And , two weeks after Republican Scott Brown won the Massachusetts special election for Edward M. Kennedy ’s Senate seat , 60 % of Americans say they do not think health care legislation will pass this year . That ’s down slightly from 67 % just after the special election , but still a stark reversal from immediately before the Jan.
Africa , India and Lebanon . Kenya is the only country where a sizable share ( 14 % ) of these single - site users are using something other than Facebook or WhatsApp – in this case , mostly Snapchat ( 8 % ) . This survey defines an “ internet user ” as anyone who says they use the internet , who uses at least one social media platform or messaging application , or who owns or shares a feature phone or
those with low levels of religious commitment . A similar gap exists when these two groups are asked about gene editing and synthetic blood . The life extension survey does not use the same religious commitment index . However , among people who attend worship services weekly or more , 33 % said they would want treatments to extend their lives ,
than it did 10 years ago ; 34 % say it plays as important a role while 15 % think it is more important and powerful . Partisan differences in perceptions of U.S. global power remain large . Most Republicans ( 64 % ) and about half of independents ( 53 % ) think the U.S. is less powerful globally than it was a decade ago ( when George W. Bush
will make serious efforts to block Russia from intervening in future elections . A large majority of liberal Democrats ( 70 % ) , along with about half ( 51 % ) of the party ’s conservatives and moderates , say they are “ not at all confident ” the administration will make serious efforts . Most Republicans ( 73 % ) are very or somewhat confident that the administration will make a serious effort to block future election involvement by Russia . However , just 38 % are very confident the White House will take serious action , including 44 % of conservatives and 26 % of moderates
are paying more than their fair share . About half ( 52 % ) of those with annual family incomes of $ 100,000 or more say they pay more than their fair share . By comparison , just 30 % of those with family incomes of less than $ 30,000 say they pay more than their fair
by public health officials trying to contact them to speak about the coronavirus outbreak . Half of respondents were asked how likely they would be to
countries – France , Germany , Italy , Poland , Spain and the UK – that make up 70 % of the EU population and 74 % of its
to the survey were asked to rate both their current lives and their lives five years
. At this point in the campaign , Clinton receives slightly greater support from Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 91 % ) than Trump receives from Republicans and Republican leaners ( 85 % ) in a general election matchup . In part , this reflects the fact that Clinton does somewhat better among Democrats who did not support her in the primary than Trump does among Republicans who did not support him in the primary . Among Republicans , 77 % of those who preferred another candidate in the GOP primary say they would vote for Trump over Clinton . A somewhat larger percentage of Democrats who preferred Sanders in the Democratic primary ( 85
s to these users , many of them have encountered challenges navi
question in July 2004 , a majority ( 53 % ) said the use of torture could be only rarely or never justified . But in November 2009 and in the current survey , narrow majorities have said torture can at least sometimes be justified . As in the past , there are wide partisan differences in views of whether torture can be justified to gain important information from suspected terrorists . A substantial majority of Republicans ( 71 % ) say torture can be at least sometimes justified , compared with 51 % of independents and 45 % of Democrats . Two - thirds of Americans ( 67 % ) say they are at least somewhat concerned about the possible rise of Islamic ex
The latest national survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , conducted Oct. 24 - 28 among 1,678 registered voters , including 1,495 likely voters , finds
( 46 % vs. 55 % ) or “ not too happy ” ( 13
) . Several analyses of scholarly publications suggest widespread agreement among climate scientists that human activity is the primary cause of climate change.1 Similarly , a Pew Research Center survey of members of the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) found 93 % of members with a Ph.D. in Earth sciences ( and 87 % of all members ) say the Earth is warming mostly due to human activity . 2 Pew Research Center
they approved of athletes kneeling as a form of protest , compared with about half ( 51 % ) of those ages 30 to 49 . Among those 50 and older , the balance of opinion was decidedly negative : 61 % disapproved , while
parties . With still about a month to go until Election Day , 75 %
some form . The   issue also has been debated in Germany and France . British lawmakers , meanwhile , recently
the feelings of these same Trump voters had changed very little . In March , 82 % of those who reported voting for Trump – and whom researchers were able to verify through voting records as having voted in 2016 – said they
% vs. 27 % ) . About half of men ( 53 % ) and 62
s leaders ’ handling of negotiations , while just 10 % of Democrats approve . And while about seven - in - ten Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 71 % ) approve of the
for every dollar a man in the same age group made . White and Asian women have narrowed the wage gap with white men to a much greater degree than
to apply for permanent residency , but not citizenship . As in the past , majorities across all demographic and partisan groups favor providing legal status to undocumented immigrants . Republicans ( 66 % ) continue to be less likely than independents ( 74 % ) or Democrats ( 80 % ) to support a path to legal status for those in the U.S. illegally . However , Republican support for finding a way to allow undocumented immigrants to stay in the U.S. if they meet certain requirements has increased 10 percentage points since May , from 56
– also registered with the public . Fully 62 % of the public has heard a lot about this and another 22 % have heard a little . Interest in campaign news remained fairly stable last week . Roughly a quarter of Americans ( 27 % ) say they followed news about the presidential campaign very closely , with 16 % saying they followed it more closely than other any other story . Far more Democrats than independents or Republicans tracked campaign news very closely . About four - in - ten Democrats ( 39 % )
8 % following a Republican member . 9About half of U.S. adults who follow Donald Trump on Twitter ( 54 % ) view him favorably , compared with just 24 % of adult Twitter users who do n’t
has become more negative , according to our survey conducted Dec. 5 - 9 . A quarter ( 25 % ) says the economy will be worse off a year from now , up from just 8 % in September and the highest level since June 2011 . Overall , 37 % expect the economy to be better
. In early 2018 , Pew Research Center assessed demographic , labor market , attitudinal and behavioral measures to establish an endpoint – albeit inexact – for the Millennial generation . Under this updated definition , the youngest “ Millennial ” was born in 1996 . Here ’s a look at some generational projections .
Education levels among the nation ’s immigrants have been steadily rising since the 1960s , just like the native - born population . While there have been gains across the board , the increases have been most dramatic among immigrants from Asia , Europe and the Middle East and less so among those from Mexico and Central America . Back to top The nation ’
For a sample of responses , see verbatim on positive and negative impressions of Trump ’s
group and say they have little or no confidence in its leader . Lebanese Muslims are , by far , the most critical of al Qaeda and bin Laden . Only 3 % have a positive opinion of the organization , while 94 % have a negative opinion . Virtually no Lebanese Muslims express confidence in bin Laden ; 98 % say they have little or no confidence in al Qaeda ’s leader . Similarly , just 4 % of Muslims in Turkey have a favorable opinion of al Qaeda and 3 % express at least some confidence in bin Laden , while 74 % offer negative views of both . In Egypt , about one - in - five Muslims offer
) in Florida , had a poverty rate that was above the national average in 1960 but dipped below the average by 2010 . It ’s worth noting that as the geography of poverty - stricken areas has shifted , the nation ’s official poverty rate has declined over the past half - century , from 22.1 % in 1960 to 14.5 % in 2013 , according to Census Bureau data . Even in some of the nation ’s poorest regions , the poverty rate has declined . In Appalachia
illness that is tied to severe birth defects in South America and the Caribbean . The new survey shows that : In addition , about one - in - seven adults ( 15 % ) say they have taken steps to reduce their risk of getting the virus . There are notable demographic differences tied to people ’s views about the threat posed by the Zika virus . Generally those who are most concerned include older Americans ( especially older women ) and those who report “ fair ” or “ poor ” health status . Blacks and those who live in the South and Northeast also tend to be more concerned about Zika . But Republicans and independents who lean Republican are about
people to carry concealed guns without a permit . There was agreement between gun owners and non - owners and Republicans and Democrats on some proposals – particularly when it came to preventing people with mental illnesses and individuals who are on the federal no - fly or watch lists from buying guns and , to a lesser extent , background checks for private sales and at gun shows . But
are twice as likely as all other police to say officers have reason to distrust most people ( 46 % vs. 23 % ) . They are more likely than their colleagues to agree that some people can only be brought to reason the hard , physical way ( 56 % vs. 41 % ) and to say they have become more callous toward people since taking this job ( 77 % vs. 50 % ) . Angry and frustrated officers also are more likely to have physically struggled or fought with a suspect in the past month ( 44 % vs. 30 % ) or to have been verbally abused by a citizen (
them to control what information is collected about them .   Personal control matters a lot to people . If the traditional American view of privacy is the “ right to be left alone , ” the 21st - century refinement of that idea is the right to control their identity and information . They understand that modern life wo n’t
. Overall , 10 % of all U.S. adults get news on Twitter , and 41 % get news on Facebook . 2The percentage of Twitter users who follow breaking news there is nearly twice as high as that of Facebook users . While the share of users who get news on each site is about the same , Twitter news users are more likely than Facebook news users to depend on the social network for breaking news . Nearly six - in - ten Twitter news users ( 59 % ) use the site to keep up with a news event as it is happening , which is
parent of a child aged 18 and younger or not . But we also found some interesting differences : On the flip side , Republicans ( 78 % ) and independents ( 77 % ) were more supportive of logic skills , compared with 70 % among Democrats . Note : This survey was conducted through Pew Research Center ’s American Trends Panel , a nationally representative panel of randomly selected U.S
Index , an ongoing content analysis of the news . The News Coverage Index catalogues the news from top news organizations across five major
voters said they were paying attention to news about the coronavirus outbreak and Floyd protests at least fairly closely ( 90 % and 86 % ,
, examines news interest as it relates to the news media ’s coverage . The weekly survey is conducted in conjunction with The Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , which monitors the news reported by major newspaper , television , radio and online news outlets on an ongoing basis . In the most recent week , data relating to news coverage were collected July 25 - 31 , and survey data measuring public interest in the top news stories of the week were collected July
: 35 % of those who have not completed college favor cutting levels of legal immigration , compared with 25 % of college graduates and 18 % of those with post - graduate degrees . And across income levels , those with lower household incomes are more likely than those earning more to say legal immigration should be decreased . Among the survey ’s other findings : Most Think Border Security Can Be Improved . About half ( 51 % ) say “ a lot ” can be done to reduce illegal immigration at U.S
) , or at least as good a job ( 29 % ) , as fathers did 20 or 30 years ago . Women are much harder on themselves – 54 % say today ’s mothers are
public is divided over how much the government should regulate financial institutions . As many said that the government had gone too far regulating financial institutions and markets , making it harder for the economy to grow ( 45 % ) , as said it had n’t gone far enough regulating financial institutions and markets , leaving the country at risk of another financial crisis ( 47 %
have heard “ nothing at all ” about the caucus , according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted April 5 - 11 among 1,501 U.
. On many of the most important issues facing China , discontent is associated with how people feel about free markets . Those among the 28%-minority who oppose the free market system are more likely than others to voice concerns about economic problems such as unemployment and conditions for workers . They are also more worried than others about education and health care . Moreover , free market opponents have more lukewarm views about the Chinese government – only 53 % believe the government is doing a good job on the issues that matter most to them personally , compared with 71 % of those who support the free market .
the error attributable to sampling is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’
women . 7Globally , babies born to Muslim mothers will outnum
asylum seekers waiting on decisions as of the end of 2016 , an estimated two - thirds had not had a decision made on their case – and another
support for compromising with other countries and express a higher degree of favorability toward international institutions including the European Union and the United Nations . In 11 of the 14 countries surveyed , those who say most people can be trusted are significantly more likely to believe their country should take the interests of other nations into account when dealing with major
) say jobs are difficult to find , up only seven points since last November . Similarly , roughly seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) Americans with a high school degree or less see limited job opportunities in their area , compared with 51 % of those with a college degree . Public views of the job situation vary across regions of the country . Concerns are highest in the Midwest , where
be reinterpreted to reflect contemporary issues , while 38 % maintain that traditional understandings of Islam are all that are needed to address today ’s issues . On this question there is more of a difference of opinion among Muslims when it comes to how important religion is in their lives . Those who say religion is very important in their lives are evenly divided ( 43 % say traditional understandings should be reinterpreted vs. 46 % who say traditional understandings are all that is needed ) , while about seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) of those who say religion is less
phone that can access the internet and applications ( See Appendix B for a full list of devices in each country ) . In the U.S. , 58 %
, but Germans disagree . Roughly two - thirds of Americans say relations are good , compared with just 42 % of Germans , according to polling conducted by Pew Research Center in the U.S.
population . Wireless Users Overall , 55 % of Americans connect to the internet wirelessly at least on occasion . The Pew Internet Project measures wireless connectivity to the internet in several ways . First , it looks at those who connect via standard computer . Some 46 % of adults now own laptop and , among them , 83 % connect via WiFi and 28 % connect via wireless broadband . In this survey , we also found that 83 % of adults have cell phones or smartphones and , among them , 35 % have accessed the internet via their phone . Here is the portrait of wireless users
s in Denver often discuss crime news , compared with 49 % of whites . In Macon , blacks ( 41 % of the city ’s residents ) differ from whites in the amount of attention they devote to crime news to nearly the same degree . About six - in - ten blacks very closely follow crime news , compared with less than half ( 43 % ) of whites . And , while a vast majority of both blacks and whites discuss crime , blacks do so at higher rates ( 86 % vs. 76 % ) . Differences in attention to crime news also emerge across education and income lines , with the less wealthy and less educated being more likely to
concern , which was already significantly lower than the three - quarters of Russians who were very concerned in 2002 . On the bottom end of concerns in Russia are immigration and conflict between ethnic and nationality groups . Only 26 % and 20 % , respectively , name these as very big
. Members of the SPD fall in the middle , with 41 % saying Germany should increase defense spending . Americans and Germans also take differing stances on the U.S. military presence in Germany . People in the U.S. see their country ’s military bases in Germany as much more important to the security of their country than Germans do : 85 % of Americans believe these bases are important to the U.S
that from Jan. 1 - Sept. 27 , 2014 , Christie and Clinton were each the subject of 82 campaign stories linking them to a possible White House run . In 2013 , Clinton also topped our list , with 66 stories . Amid recent speculation that Mitt Romney was considering a possible third run at the executive office , the former Massachusetts governor comes in third with 74 campaign stories . Following Romney is Texas Senator Ted Cruz ( 68 ) , Kentucky Senator Rand Paul ( 67 ) and former Florida Governor Jeb
% vs. 34 % ) . Those with a university education are also more in favor of reducing Japan ’s utilization of nuclear power ( 52
21 , 2014 . The surveys interviewed a nationally representative sample of 2,003 American adults ages 18 and older . Telephone interviews were conducted by landline ( 1,002 ) and cell phone ( 1,001 , including 594 without a landline phone ) . Interviews were conducted in English and Spanish by Princeton Data Source from Sept. 11 to 14 , 2014 , and Sept. 18 to 21 , 2014 . Statistical results are weighted to correct known demographic discrepancies . The margin of sampling error
coverage of the war has been relatively modest . According to the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ) , news about the war in Afghanistan has been the media ’s top weekly story just once since PEJ began their tracking index in 2007 . And for much of 2009 , coverage of the war in Afghanistan has rarely approached 10 % of the newshole , a level commonly reached by other leading stories of the week . Nonetheless , media coverage of the war in Afghanistan now exceeds that given to the Iraq war . In July — after running about even for the first half of the year — coverage
% of those with less education . Blacks and Hispanics are also more likely than whites to emphasize the importance of being well educated in order for a man or a woman to be a good spouse or partner . About half of blacks ( 50 % ) and Hispanics ( 49 % ) say that this is very important for a woman , compared with 28 % of whites . Similarly , 49 % of Hispanics and 45 % of blacks say that being well educated is very important for a man , compared with 32
the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error
the right to vote as essential to their own personal sense of freedom . A 59 % majority says that everything possible should be done to
students are enrolled in foreign language classes , according to a 2017 report from the nonprofit American Councils for International Education . Many European countries mandate that students study more than one foreign language , so students learning something other than English may also study English simultaneously or at some point in their education . While English is the most studied foreign language in Europe overall , this varies somewhat across countries . For example , 100 % of students in primary and secondary school in Malta , Liechtenstein , Northern Macedonia and Austria studied English in the classroom as of 2017 . In 25 out of 29 nations where data is available , about three - quarters or more of all students studied English .
Yet the public has mixed impressions of the campaign so far . Two - thirds ( 67 % ) describe the presidential campaign as interesting – far more than did so before the first primary contests in the 2012 and 2008 campaigns ( 36 % and 37 % , respectively ) . About half ( 48 % ) say the campaign is informative , which is identical to the share that described the campaign as informative in January 2012 . As during prior campaigns , many Americans view the current contest as “ too negative ” ( 54 % describe the campaign this way ) and “ too long ” ( 50 % ) . Moreover , only about a third ( 34 % ) say
who have also tend to place a high level of personal importance on social media as a tool for personal political engagement and activism . Among all social media users , people who changed their views on an issue
; 40 % of Republicans give her a zero . Parties and issues . Majorities of Republicans and Democrats say they agree with their parties ’ positions on nine issues tested . However , “ strong ” agreement varies widely by issue : Republicans are more likely to strongly agree with the GOP ’s position on illegal immigration and gun policy ,
in particular France , Italy and Japan – stand out for their skepticism . These nations matter because the four account for nearly a quarter ( 24 % ) of world merchandise imports and around
racial and ethnic groups , the flattest employment - to - population ratio has been among whites —   fluctuating between 59 %
candidate to have “ new ideas and a different approach ” has surged – with virtually all of the increase coming among Republican and Republican -
most Venezuelans ( 52 % ) say the opposition has
. The youngest adults are the most likely age group to report that they have been personally impacted by automation : 13 % of Americans ages 18 to 24 have experienced at least one of these impacts . 6Americans worry widespread automation will lead to more inequality and leave people adrift in their lives . Roughly three - quarters of Americans ( 76 % ) expect that widespread automation of jobs will lead to greater levels of economic inequality than exist today , while nearly two - thirds ( 64 % ) expect people will have a hard
to skew science findings and recommendations . These findings echo calls for increased transparency and accountability across many sectors and industries today . 8
%-majority of independents agree . Meanwhile , support among Republicans trails at 41 % and has dropped ten percentage points since 2011 . In a few European countries , it is the political right more than the left that sees the UN most favorably . For example , two - thirds of French respondents on the right end of the spectrum have a positive opinion of the UN while only 56 % on the left share the same
they distrust the site . And while 15 % of U.S. adults say they trust Facebook for this type of information , a much larger share ( 59 % ) say they distrust this platform as a place to get political and election news . About three - in - ten Americans know that Instagram and WhatsApp are owned by Facebook . In a 2019 survey , Americans were asked questions about a range of digital topics , including some about the business of social media . Some 29 % of Americans correctly named WhatsApp and Instagram as companies owned by Facebook , while 22 % answered the question incorrectly .
Party . An identical share of Indian Americans approved of Obama ’s job
and the estimated difference in predicted probability between the maximum and minimum value for a given variable , holding all other variables at their means . ( See Appendix A for more details . ) The remainder of this report looks at the degree to which public views about science - related topics are associated with religious affiliation and worship service attendance . As is typical of Pew Research Center reports , we characterize the relationships shown in these cross tabulations ( sometimes referred to as bivariate relationships because they involve just two variables ) based on tests of statistical significance that take into account the complex
however , has a higher percentage of people reporting difficulties buying food than its per capita income level would predict . Even though many in Africa struggle to afford life ’s basic necessities ,
opinion surveys . The project has issued two major reports , “ What the World Thinks in 2002 ” — based upon 38,000 interviews in 44 nations — and “ Views of a Changing World , June 2003 ” — based on an additional 16,000 interviews in 20 nations and the Palestinian Authority
they are least sometimes distracted by their phone when they are spending time with their kids ,
according to a 2011 Pew Hispanic Center survey . That survey showed 59 % of Hispanics disapprove of the way the Obama administration is
population by income in 2001 and 2011 , and also of the distributions in the major regions of the world . Subsequent sections highlight trends in individual countries and areas experiencing growth in middle - income populations , such as China and countries in Eastern Europe and Latin America ; changes in India and other countries , such as in Africa , that experienced declines in poverty but minimal change in their middle - income populations ; and trends in advanced economies , such as the U.
result in Trump staying in office . By contrast , a nearly identical share of Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 85 % ) say the trial should result in Trump ’s removal
states ’ administration of federal elections . ( This data does not include all states ; for more information about the methodology and limitations of this data , see “ How we did this . ” ) The same pattern appeared in earlier elections . In the 2016 general election , people ages 61 and older accounted for 56 % of poll workers , according to that year ’
. Members of the SPD fall in the middle , with 41 % saying Germany should increase defense spending . Americans and Germans also take differing stances on the U.S. military presence in Germany . People in the U.S. see their country ’s military bases in Germany as much more important to the security of their country than Germans do : 85 % of Americans believe these bases are important to the U.S
the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , go to www.journalism.org . ) The News Interest Index survey collects data from Friday through Monday to gauge public interest in the most covered stories of the week . Results for this survey are based on telephone interviews conducted under the direction of Princeton Survey Research Associates International among a national sample of 1,005 adults living in the continental United States , 18 years of age or older , from August 12 - 15 , 2010 ( 672 respondents were interviewed on a landline telephone , and 333 were interviewed on a cell phone , including 141 who had no landline telephone ) . Both
s give Trump higher marks than they gave Obama or Bush . Amid ongoing controversies and investigations into allegations of links between the Trump presidential campaign and Russia , attitudes toward the U.S. and its president have turned more positive in Russia . Following the outbreak of the Ukraine crisis in 2014 , Russians ’ ratings for both the U.S. as a country and for Obama plummeted . However , since 2015 – the last time the Center polled in Russia – favorable
this percentage is not much higher within the GOP ( 14 % ) or among Tea Party Republicans ( 18 % ) . Support for reducing the deficit through cuts to
rate has been decreasing in recent months . About a third ( 32 % ) say incorrectly that the rate has been going up . Better educated people are more likely than those with less education to be aware of recent declines in the unemployment rate . There also is a modest partisan gap : 66 % of Democrats say
) . In comparison , three - quarters of the religiously unaffiliated ( 75 % ) have not too much or no confidence in religious leaders to act in the best interests of the public .
) or independents ( 6 % ) . Others in the Republican presidential field received far fewer mentions last week : 4 % named Rudy Guiliani , while both Mitt Romney and John McCain were named by 2 % of the public . Events in Iraq were by far the most closely followed news story of the week . One - in - four Americans ( 24 % ) said this was the story they followed more closely than any other , greater than twice the number citing any other
than less acceptable ( 34 % to 23 % ) . And queried on the possibility of using human embryos in the development of gene - editing techniques , a majority of adults ( 54 % ) – including two - thirds of those with
. Among both Republicans and Democrats , however , majorities place the U.S. among the greatest nations , rather than saying it stands above others or that other nations are superior . In the new survey , 60 % of Democrats and 52 % of Republicans say the U.S. is one of the greatest countries in the world , again little changed from 2015 .
. Among white Protestants – both those who identify as evangelical and those who do not – favorable opinions of Pope Francis have increased since the decline seen in September
population is projected to reach approximately 10.9 billion , with annual growth of less than 0.1 % – a steep decline from the current rate
Trust in the Russian leader has remained high since an increase in 2014 , shortly after the conflict with Ukraine and subsequent annexation of Crimea . Today , however , Putin earns lower marks ( 63 % ) than he did two years ago ( 83 %
Party is “ more concerned with the needs of people like me . ” The Democratic Party has held a similar - sized lead on this trait since 2011 , and at least a double - digit edge going back to when this question was first asked more than 25 years ago in
is that cutting federal spending wo n’t affect the job situation one way or the other . In keeping with their desire to see compromise , there is no change in the public ’s view that the best way to reduce the federal budget deficit is through a combination of both cutting major programs and increasing taxes . Six - in - ten ( 60 % ) say that both are in order ; just 19 % say that the focus should be mostly on cutting major programs while even fewer ( 8 % ) say the focus should be mostly on raising taxes . The proportion supporting a mixed approach of funding cuts and tax increases is about the same as it
of Clinton ’s then . And in their assessments of whether Obama ’s accomplishments will surpass his failures , Republicans express even more negative views today than Democrats did about Bush in 2007 .
s effect on the country has been mostly positive . And while about four - in - ten blacks ( 39 % ) and Hispanics ( 40 % ) say the law ’s personal impact has been mostly positive , just 16 %
affiliation and ideology . Across parties , larger shares describe social media ’s impact as mostly negative rather than mostly positive , but this belief is particularly widespread among Republicans . Roughly half of Democrats and independents who lean toward the Democratic Party ( 53 % ) say social media have a largely negative effect on the way things are going in the country today , compared with 78 % of Republicans and leaners who say the same . Democrats are about three times as likely as Republicans to say these sites have a mostly positive impact ( 14 % vs. 5 % ) and twice as likely to say social media have neither a positive nor negative effect ( 32 % vs. 16
the U.S. has a responsibility to accept refugees into the country , while just 31 % say it does not . Note
from developing countries , while 67 % are opposed . By comparison , 52 % of those who prefer Kasich and Cruz , along with major
shares their other values and goals : Nearly six - in - ten Democrats ( 59 % ) say this about Republicans , while 56 % of Republicans say it about Democrats . While these views are little changed from 2013 , in 2007 , 53 %
a similar share ( 47 % ) says this is not possible . There are large partisan divides on this issue . By a 63%-35 % margin , most Republicans and Republican leaners hold that it is possible to cut back on environmental regulations and still effectively protect air and water quality in the U.S. Most Democrats and those who lean Democratic hold the reverse view : 63 % say it is not possible to cut back on environmental regulations and still effectively protect air and water quality in the U.S. , while 35 % this is possible .
) . More now see Russia as a major threat than in April 2016 , when 42 % said “ tensions with Russia ” presented a major threat to the U.S. Concern is about as high as it was in August 2014 , when 53 % described “ growing tension between Russia and its neighbors ” as a major threat to the U.S.
opinion on this question was divided , while in the war ’s first two years clear majorities backed the decision to use force in Iraq . The decrease in support for the decision to go to war has occurred despite a dramatically improved perception of how the effort in Iraq is going . In Pew ’s latest survey , as many Americans say the military situation in Iraq is going well as say it is not going well ( 48 % each ) .
) . Interested in exploring the data further , seeing more data like this or conducting your own analysis ? Visit our   interactive data tool   and access the   dataset . Note : Here are the questions asked in this survey , along with responses , and the
to say scientists do not have a clear understanding of this . Those in the general public survey were asked : “ When you are food shopping , how often , if ever , do you look to
and are somewhat more important than economic attitudes among all voters . But the most important factor varies by key voting blocs . For independents , attitudes toward the health care law , which they largely disapprove of , is more important than opinion about Obama or the condition of the nation ’s economy . Similarly , the new health care law is most important for men , while opinions about Obama are more significant vote drivers among women . Opinions about the president are also more crucial to about
% of liberal Democrats strongly approved of Obama and 17 % approved not so strongly of his job . The lukewarm support for Obama among liberal Democrats largely comes from those ages 18 - 49 . Among both adults under 50 and those 50 and older , 90 % of liberal Democrats approve of Obama . But whereas 65 % of liberal Democrats 50 and older strongly approve and just 20 % say they approve not so strongly , the younger group is narrowly divided ( 46 % strongly approve , 39 % less so ) . Compared with Obama after five years in office , George W
or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project
be either the single world leader ( 7 % ) or the most assertive of leading nations ( 62 % ) . These opinions are little changed from previous surveys . Yet CFR members assign a far lower priority to several globally oriented policy goals than they did at the beginning of the decade . Just 10 % of CFR members say that promoting democracy in other nations should be a top U.S.
to tighten gun laws died in the Senate . The
vary greatly by partisan affiliation , as well as age . Three - quarters of Republicans and Republican leaners say Trump will be in charge of his administration , including 83 % of conservative Republicans and a somewhat smaller 61%-majority of moderate and liberal Republicans . By contrast , 62 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners think other people will really be running the government . Among Democrats , there are no differences in views on this question by ideology . Young adults under age 30
it had too much influence on the outcome of the election . Just 27 % say the press had the right amount of influence on the election , while 13
s announcement that his administration may seek to end “ birthright
June , July and August ) is about 40,700 . The holidays that bookend summer have somewhat higher averages – about 41,900 for the last week in May , covering Memorial Day weekend , and 42,200 for the first week of September , which typically includes Labor Day weekend – but even they are well below
different in a presidential election year . ) Support for Republicans is down an equivalent amount among nearly all religious groups , compared with 2002 . Among white Catholics , 37 % say they will vote Republican ( compared with 49 % in 2002 ) , and the number of white mainline Protestants intending
. For example , most Americans say that increased outsourcing of jobs to other countries ( 80 % ) and more foreign - made products being sold in the U.S. ( 77 % ) hurt American workers . Workers see automation as less of a threat . Large majorities see increased use of the internet and other technology in the workplace ( 70 % ) and more U.S.-made products being sold abroad ( 68
rights policies . Older Americans are more likely than their younger counterparts to see several of these issues as major problems
had during Barack Obama ’s presidency , but roughly on par with views at the end of George W.
and 45 % say they rarely turn it off . This “ always - on ” reality has disrupted long - standing social norms about when it is appropriate for people to shift their attention away from their physical conversations and interactions with others towards digital encounters with people and information that are enabled by their mobile phone . It turns out that people think different kinds of public and social settings warrant different sensitivities about civil behavior . For instance , fully 77 % of all adults think it is generally OK for people to use their cellphones while walking down the street and 75 % believe it is OK for others to use
“ to avoid offending people with different backgrounds .
has been at any point since the question was first asked
primary voters say immigration is a very important issue in their decision about who to vote for in 2016 . However , 84 % of those who say they would be more likely to support a candidate who wants to deport
