a partner . Married adults are more likely than those who are living with a partner to say things are going very well in their relationship ( 58 % vs. 41 % ) . They also express higher levels of satisfaction with specific aspects of their relationship , including the way household chores are divided between them and their spouse or
April will benefit public support for science . By contrast , just 22 % of Republicans and independents who lean to the GOP say the marches will help drive public support for science , while six - in - ten ( 60 % ) of this group believes the marches will have
the top . Majorities in all three nations say the gap between rich and poor has increased over the past five years . And when asked why
well : For example , 36 % of adults said state and local elected officials were a major source of news about the outbreak , while 16 % said the same about friends , family and neighbors , and 8 % named community newsletters or Listservs . In all , 64 % of
Africa has experienced dramatic gains in internet use in recent years . With this rapid growth in connectivity have come a host of potential problems , including fake news , political targeting and manipulation and financial scams , among others . Yet according to a new Pew Research Center analysis , most sub - Saharan Africans feel positively about the role the internet plays in their country . Large majorities say the increasing use of the internet has had a good influence on education in their
. The preference for news without a political point of view is even stronger when it comes to online news : 74 % of those who get news online want it to come without a political
closely followed stories . Democrats paid much closer attention to the campaign than Republicans : 36 % of Democrats vs. 23 % of Republicans followed campaign news very closely . Public interest in the Iraq war remained high despite relatively little news coverage More than three - in - ten Americans followed news about the situation in Iraq very closely and 20 % listed this as their most closely followed story of the week . Coverage of the Iraq policy debate has fallen off dramatically since September , and public interest in the debate
think college was worth it . The same Pew Research report found that majorities of graduates in all three of the largest U.S. generations — Boomers , Gen - Xers and Millennials — agree that college either has paid off or will pay off , given what they and their families invested in it . Perhaps not surprisingly
His proposed wall on the U.S.-Mexico border was also particularly unpopular in the United States ’ southern neighbor , where 94 % said they disapproved of the project . The border wall was similarly unpopular across
troops to the region is more divisive , although the idea draws more support than it did four months ago . Currently , about as many favor ( 47 % ) as oppose ( 49 % ) sending U.S. ground troops to fight Islamic militants in Iraq and Syria ;
popular in the two African countries surveyed , Kenya ( 76 % favorable ) and Nigeria ( 71 % ) , and to a lesser extent in two of the three Latin American nations included , Mexico ( 58 % ) and Brazil ( 52 % ) . In Argentina , however
political , religious or commercial ones . Among the minority of sub - Saharan Africans who use social media ( ranging from 43 % in South Africa to 20 % in
very similar to those of labor unions : 48 % hold a favorable view
out of 2,254 total respondents , or 13 % of the sample before weighting . This is pretty close to the true Hispanic share of the population ( 15 % ) , but we wanted to have more than 291 people responding so we could do a more in - depth analysis . In order to have a
recent Pew Research Center survey of Latinos , 71 % of Latino adults hold that view while 28 % say the opposite . For example , 58 % of immigrant Hispanics say speaking Spanish is n’t a necessary component of Latino
to which candidate they think will do the better job : 41 % say Obama will do better , while 37 % expect Romney to prevail . This stands in
46 % say it is more likely , while 45 % say it is not more likely . The share of the public saying that Islam is more likely than other religions to encourage violence has dropped four percentage points since a historical high of 50 % in September 2014
( 19 % ) owed money on student loans in 2010 , more than double the proportion in 1989 . Among households headed by someone younger than
are especially large . Roughly eight - in - ten Snapchat users ages 18 to 29 ( 77 % ) say they use the app every day , including 68 % who say they do so multiple times day . Similarly , 76 % of Instagram users in this age group visit the site on a daily basis , with 60 % reporting that they do so several times per day . These patterns are largely similar to what the Center found in 2018 . Other platforms are visited somewhat less frequently . Some 51 % of YouTube users say they visit the site daily – a slight increase from the 45
the “ digital age , ” today ’s students are surprisingly lacking in their online search skills . Students receive the lowest marks for “ patience and determination in looking for information that is hard to find , ” with 43 % of teachers rating their students “ poor ” in this regard , and
Americans who said they had heard at least a little about QAnon were asked to write in their own words what they thought it was , they were most likely to describe it as a group of some kind or include a more specific description of it as a conspiracy group or theory . Far fewer wrote in other kinds of descriptions . Two - in - ten mentioned that it is a
debates and reporting on which candidate is leading in the latest polls . For both of these facets of the campaign , 62 % say that the press has done an excellent or good job and a third says its performance has been only fair or poor . About half ( 52 % ) say that the press has done only a fair or poor job in covering campaign strategies and the same percentage says this about coverage of the candidates ’ positions on issues
Russians also agree with the statement “ it is a great misfortune that the Soviet Union no longer exists ; ” 36 % disagree . This
own a desktop computer , and 52 % own a laptop ( 76 % own a computer overall )
also represented in this pay gap data , about whether “ men get more opportunities than women for jobs that pay well , even when women are as qualified as men for the job . ” Majorities in all seven countries agreed with
typology group . Core Conservatives are next highest , at 77 % . At this point , other groups are less engaged by the struggle for partisan control of Congress . And the drop - off is particularly notable among three groups close to the middle of the typology . On the right , fewer than half of Market Skeptic Republicans ( 44 % ) and New Era Enterprisers
and represented a slow but steady increase over the 32 % of their same - aged counterparts who were living at home prior to the Great Recession in 2007 . The growing gender parity in likelihood of residing at home is especially pronounced among 18- to 24 - year - olds : 60 % of men and 52 % of women in that age group lived at
they followed news about the ninth anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks most closely . News about commemorations made up 2 % of coverage . More than two - in - ten ( 22 % ) say they followed news about this year ’s congressional elections very closely . This was the most closely followed news for 8 % and accounted for 12 % of coverage . Some 16 % say they followed the debate in Washington over competing Democratic and Republican tax plans very closely ;
) . Most Americans continue to have strong feelings about the president , with about twice as many strongly disapproving of his job performance as strongly approving ( 51 % to 25 % ) . Since earlier this year , approval ratings for the
is little changed from early July , when 54 % said they were hearing mixed news , and 42 % said they were hearing mostly bad news . In June , however , just 30 % said they were hearing mostly bad news and 65 % said the news was a mix of good
like right - wing parties , confidence in Trump is limited , and there is no Western European country in which a majority of right - wing party supporters offer a positive assessment of the American president ’s leadership in world affairs . Trump gets more negative ratings globally than Merkel , Xi or
Security . Despite Bush ’s intensive campaign to promote the idea , the percentage of Americans who say they favor private accounts has tumbled to 46 % in Pew ’s latest nationwide survey , down from 54 % in December and 58 % in September . Support has
that contraceptive use is morally unacceptable ( 54 % and 52 % , respectively ) . Out of the 40 countries surveyed , only Pakistan ( 65 % ) had a higher rate of opposition . There is less moral objection to contraception in the other sub - Saharan African nations in the survey , but significant shares in Uganda ( 38 % )
divided on many of the other major institutions in their country . Nearly equal numbers say that the police , national government and religious leaders are either a good or bad influence . About four - in - ten ( 41 % ) say that the court system has a good
gaokao ) . While rote memorization and discipline are seen as keys for success on this future - defining exam , there is much handwringing domestically about how gaokao preparation comes at the expense of more creative opportunities . Younger , wealthier and better educated Chinese
But based on revenue , those businesses are on average considerably smaller than white- or male - owned firms , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of recently released data from the U.S. Census Bureau . Overall , men owned more than half of the nation ’s 27.6 million firms in 2012 , according to
The percentage of Americans following the war has remained remarkably steady throughout the year . The national news media devoted 10 % of its overall coverage to events in Iraq last week and 5 % to the Iraq policy debate . Coverage of the Iraq policy debate declined sharply from the previous week when Gen. Petraeus ’ report to Congress and Bush ’s
, just half of those under 30 are certain they are registered to vote – 11 points lower than in 2008 – and the lowest number in the past 16 years of Pew Research Center polling . There also has been a nine - point decline in voter registration among those 30 - to-49 . Voter registration has slipped four points
U.S. if it were harder for people to legally obtain guns ; only about a quarter of Republicans ( 27 % ) say the same . And Republicans are skeptical that making it harder to legally
news viewing habits , 18 - 29 year - olds tend to watch less than any other age group . More highly educated and wealthier Americans are more likely to watch digital news video . Slightly more than half of Americans with a bachelor or graduate degree from college ( 52 % ) watch news video online . This is moderately higher than the video news viewing of those
for men – a gap of 2.1 years . Young women ( ages 25 to 34 as of 2010 ) , by comparison , have averaged more than twice as many years of formal education as their female elders ( 6.1 years ) , and now trail young men ( 7.3 years ) by just over a year .
new analysis of Pew Research Center survey data . Today , as many Hispanics approve as disapprove ( 47%-47 % ) of the new health care law . That ’s down markedly compared with
girls and boys , while just 17 % considered it more important for boys and 7 %
to Islamic extremism in the world and 71 % are very concerned about the U.S. specifically ; among Democrats , about half ( 51 % ) are very concerned
believe that , in principle , the best way to ensure peace is through military strength rather than effective diplomacy . Americans under age 30 generally favor the opposite approach . Since 1987 , the belief in military
surveyed see the internet as having a positive effect on education , personal relationships and the economy . But they are wary about its impact on politics and especially on morality .
. Anti - Americanism is extensive , as it has been for the past five years . At the same time , the image of China has slipped significantly among the publics of other major nations . Opinion about Russia is mixed ,
leaners to view the issue of sexual assault and harassment as very important . Nevertheless , nearly nine - in - ten Republicans ( 87 % ) say it is at least somewhat important . Very few Republicans or Democrats regard this issue as not important . More women than men say the issue of sexual assault and harassment is very important . And adults younger than 30
registered voters mirrors how they intend to vote in the congressional elections , according to a September survey . If the election for Congress were
just 33 % think this is the ideal situation for mothers . About four - in - ten ( 42 % ) say working part time is ideal for women with young children , while 21 % say not
commitment to help others , 73 % of Japanese believe that Japanese companies should increase their investment in developing nations . Just 19 % oppose such business activity . Roughly as many Japanese ( 71 % ) support importing more goods from developing nations in Asia , Africa and Latin America . Again , only a fifth of the public opposes such commercial help for poor
in Europe during the 2015 and 2016 refugee surge were still in limbo at the end of 2016 and did not know if they would be allowed to stay . Among Europe ’s asylum seekers waiting on decisions as of the end of 2016 , an estimated two - thirds had not had
say marijuana use should be legal ( 52 % ) than illegal ( 45 % )
Social networking sites have been very popular with young adults ages 18 - 29 almost since their inception . Between February 2005 and August 2006 , the use of social networking sites among young adult internet users ages 18 - 29 jumped from 9 % to 49 % ; during this same time period , use of these sites by 30 - 49 year olds remained essentially
, more black Democratic voters continue to characterize their views as moderate rather than liberal . In
a congregation , frequency of attendance at worship services and frequency of attendance at small group religious activities . Jehovah ’s Witnesses have comparable levels of highly involved members ( 64 % ) , while evangelical Protestants ( 43 % ) , members of historically black Protestant denominations ( 41 % ) and those in other Christian groups have lower average levels of congregational involvement .
the main driver of growth in the Latino electorate . From 2012 to 2016 , 3.2 million young U.S.-born Latinos came
high ethical standards . Majorities also fault both for their approach to government spending . But as in the past , more say the Democratic Party “ cares about the middle class ” ( 57 % ) than say that about the Republican Party ( 42 % ) . And while 54 % say the
- device owners said their one device was a cell phone . Another 17 % of those with one device said it was a desktop , while 6 % said it was a laptop . Fewer than 1 %
U.S. anti - terror policies accounted for 25 % of the newshole , higher than any other story last week . About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say they very closely followed news about flooding in Nashville , Tenn. , and other parts of the Southeast ; 11 % say this was the story they followed most closely . News about the flooding accounted for 4 % of coverage , according to PEJ .
half of those not interested ( 52 % ) . Still , Democrats at all levels of news interest are much less likely than Republicans to feel misunderstood by the news media . ( For more on the measure of news
are more likely than other Catholics to have opinions that align with church policies and teachings . But even among frequent churchgoers , majorities are open to non - traditional family arrangements . For example , roughly
In early 2007 , a first - term senator named Barack Obama was already running for president – and 32 % of Democrats saw a good chance of supporting him . By June of that year , Clinton ’s advantage on the “ good chance ” measure had narrowed to 10 points over Obama and former Vice President Al
last year . In two polls conducted over the past few months , based on interviews with more than 6,000 adults , 42 % favor same - sex marriage while 48 % are opposed . In polls conducted in 2009
the scale ( between 51 and 100 ) , including 45 % who rate them very warmly ( 76 - 100 ) . Fewer give a neutral rating
their minds off of the recent economic or financial problems , three - quarters ( 74 % ) of online economic users said they had done so . Listening to music and watching online videos are among the most common of the activities we evaluated ; roughly half of all online economic
Today , half of Latinos ( 51 % ) express satisfaction with the direction of the country , a 13 percentage point increase over 2011 , when 38 % said the same . One - third ( 33 % ) now report that their finances are in
10 % say the Republican Party has more concern than the Democratic Party for the Hispanic community , unchanged since 2012 . Instead , the share of Hispanic registered voters who say
job he has done explaining his plans and policies ( 39 % approve ) and for his cabinet choices ( 41 % approve ) than Obama received in 2009 . Eight years ago , 70 % approved of the job Obama had done
, relatively large shares of Americans say they would be curious ( 58 % ) or interested ( 45 % ) . At the same time , around one - in - four (
ways to earn money that could fit into the other demands on their time ( 30 % ) . But the number one motivation , cited by 42 % of respondents , was fun , or because the work gives them something to do in
, four - in - ten Millennials said the national news media was having a positive impact on the way things were going in the country , a far
in all occupations and industries combined . Newsroom employees are also more likely than workers overall to be male . About six - in - ten newsroom employees ( 61 % ) are men , compared with 53 % of all workers . When combining race / ethnicity and gender , almost half ( 48 % )
, including 6 % in the UK and Germany , and nearly 9 % in France . Also , 46 % of American adults say they personally know a Muslim , compared with significant majorities in
half ( 52 % ) of American adults lived in middle - class households in 2016 . This is virtually unchanged from the 51 % who were middle class in 2011 . But while the size of the nation ’s middle class remained relatively stable , financial gains for middle - income Americans during this period were modest compared with those of higher - income households , causing the
together , nearly half of Americans ( 46 % ) who have experienced some form of online harassment say they know the person or persons responsible for their most recent incident – the same as the share ( 46 % ) who say their harasser was a stranger or someone whose real identity was unknown to them . ( The remaining 8 % were harassed by people both known and unknown to them .
in older generations . And today — with Obama ’s overall approval rating at 51 % , the highest in nearly three years – the generation gap in approval is among the widest since he took office in 2009 . About six - in - ten ( 62 % ) Millennials ( adults born after 1980
of government : 48 % of adults say they would rather have a smaller government with fewer services provided
However , a Shia minority accounts for an estimated 10 % to 15 % of the population . Additionally , Saudi Arabia is a young country : In 2015 , about 56 % of the kingdom ’s Muslims were under the age of 30 . The number of Muslims in Saudi Arabia is
countries such as Iraq and Syria ” was a major threat to the well - being of the U.S. About a third ( 35 % ) considered this a minor threat , while 16 % said this was not a threat . Older adults were far more likely than young people to view the
console , or portable device like a cellphone , ” and 10 % consider themselves to be
Two - thirds ( 67 % ) of adults say scientists do not have a clear understanding , while 28 % say scientists have a clear understanding of the health effects . Those
about the health care law ’s future , 49 % of Americans say they think the law ’s major provisions are probably “ here to stay ” while 43 % say they probably will be eliminated . As expected , opinions about the law ’s fate are linked to underlying
also become more downbeat about their country ’s global stature . In 2016 , a 46 % plurality of Americans said the U.S. plays a less important and powerful role as a world leader compared with 10 years ago . This figure was up 26 percentage
. Media General sits at the top , with $ 458 million in revenue for the nine months ending in September 30 , 2014 , an 187 % growth from the previous year . During this accounting period , Media General owned 32 local TV stations in 29 markets , including 13 that it acquired in a merger with Young Broadcasting in November 2013 . In March 2014 , Media General announced plans to expand further by purchasing LIN Media . The merger was completed in December 2014 , bringing the Media General total to 71 stations in 48 markets . Gannett ranks
group thinks it is very likely that the widespread availability of gene editing would pave the way for new medical advances that are beneficial to society , compared with about half as many of those who have heard a little or nothing about gene editing ( 16 % ) . However , those most familiar with gene editing are more likely than those with no familiarity to also anticipate downsides . About two - thirds of those who have heard a lot about gene editing ( 64 % ) say it is very likely that widespread availability
view of the year to come . A year ago , 56 % thought 2014 would be a better year than the last , compared with fewer ( 35 % ) who thought it would be worse . The current seven - point gap in expectations for a better ( 49 % ) than worse ( 42 % ) year is the narrowest
% saying government aid to the poor “ does more harm than good by making people too dependent on government assistance , ” while about as many ( 49 % ) say it does “ more good than harm because people ca n’t get out of poverty until their basic needs are met . ” Republicans , by 71 % to 24 % , say government aid to the poor does more harm than
will get better , get worse or stay the same in the next five years , the Chinese public offers mixed views . More than six - in - ten ( 63 % ) believe corruption problems will improve in the next five years . A plurality ( 43 % ) is also optimistic that progress
basis much more than others . Roughly nine - in - ten teens ( 88 % ) spend time with their friends via text messaging at least occasionally , and 55 % do so every day . Phone calling , instant messaging and social media
the British public think being a member of the European Union has been good for their economy and just 43 % hold positive views of the European Union ,
( 25 % ) as women ( 12 % ) say NAFTA has been very bad for the country . Roughly six - in - ten ( 62 % ) Americans ages 18 to 29 – who were children or not even born when NAFTA was signed – voice the view that the trade deal has been good for the country ; only 26 % see it as bad .
, in which we reported comScore data gathered between November 2002 and November 2003 , the KaZaa user base dropped most notably . Between November 2003 and February 2004 alone , comScore estimates that over 5 million fewer people are actively running KaZaa
, immediately after the killing of Osama bin Laden . A year ago , just 40 % favored removing the troops as soon as possible
Research Center survey finds that 27 % of U.S. adults believe Trump ’s election reflects God ’s will in the sense that the 2016 outcome must be part of God ’s overall plan , but that this does n’t necessarily mean God approves
% feel they are understood , as reported in a recent Pew Research Center study . Republicans , however , are nearly three times as likely to feel that news organizations do n’t understand them ( 73 % ) as they are to say they feel understood ( 25 % ) . By comparison , most Democrats ( 58 % ) say they feel understood by the news media , while four - in
for the People & amp ; the Press . Three - in - ten ( 30 % ) say they followed news about the economy more closely than any other story . Somewhat fewer ( 23 % ) cited the presidential campaign as their top story . News about the presidential election – much of it focused
are more likely than Japanese ages 18 to 34 to see the Chinese as nationalistic . And older Japanese are less likely than the
- in - ten Republicans ( 59 % ) say they are not bothered ; 52 % said this 12 years ago .
is right just about all of the time , notably smaller than the share ( 14 % ) that thinks they can hardly ever be trusted . In total , some 28 % of Americans think these companies can be trusted to do the right
Ghana , while Kenyans and South Africans are more divided . In Nigeria , 37 % say a strong relationship with China is more important , compared with just 17 % who say this about the U.S. ( the question was not
( 45 % ) than in all cases ( 17 % ) . Republicans who live in the Northeast and those who identify as moderate or liberal are less likely than other Republicans to say abortion should be illegal in all cases . Democrats , for their part , are more unified in support of legal abortion than Republicans are against it , with 82 % of Democrats saying abortion should be
the state . At the same time , the number of Latino registered voters in Florida who indicate no party affiliation has also grown rapidly during this time , and by 2012 had surpassed Republican registrations . Among all Floridians , registered Democrats outnumber Republicans in 2016 . This is due in part to Hispanics , who accounted for 88 % of growth in the number of registered Democrats between 2006 and 2016 . During this time , the number of Hispanic registered voters increased by 61 % , while the number of Hispanics identifying as Democrats increased by 83 % and those having no party affiliation increased by 95 % . The number of Hispanic Republican registered voters has grown too – but much more slowly ( just 16 % ) . As a result , among Hispanic registered voters in 2016 , 678,000 were registered as
focused on the unfolding story of a potential environmental disaster . About four - in - ten ( 41 % ) say this was the story they followed most closely last week , much greater than the 21 % that say they most closely followed news about Arizona ’s controversial new law targeting illegal immigrants . When asked what story they were talking about with friends , 26 % mention the Gulf Coast oil spill , while 12 % offer the debate over the new Arizona immigration law , according to the latest News Interest Index survey conducted April 30 - May 3 among
news coverage last week , according to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism . The earthquake aftermath accounted for 27 % of the newshole , while Brown ’s win – and its potential impact on President Obama ’s agenda – made up 21 % of coverage . Specific coverage of the health care debate made
Roughly three - quarters of U.S. adults in this category hold one or more New Age beliefs , including six - in - ten who believe spiritual energy can be located in physical things
own a game console , and it is especially popular with members of the Millennial Generation and Generation X. Sixty - three percent of all adults ages 18 - 46 own a game console like an Xbox or Play Station , as well as 38 %
, up from 56 % in 2009 ; 44 % have deleted comments made by others on their profile ; and 37 % have removed their names from photos that were
. Around the globe , people tend to associate the American leader with all of the negative characteristics tested : Most say he is arrogant , intolerant and dangerous , while relatively few think of him as well - qualified or as someone who cares about ordinary people . Describing Trump as charismatic is more common
But the public is more divided : 48 % say the needed changes have been made while 50 % believe that more changes are needed to assure equal rights for black Americans . Underlying the police views on this question is a substantial difference between black and white police officers – a difference that is , in fact , larger than the gap between the
about the economy ; 41 % say they are hearing mostly bad news while just 5 % say they are hearing mostly good news .
% had STEM degrees , the highest percentage of any origin country . Iran ( 79 % ) , Bangladesh ( 74 % ) and Sri Lanka ( 70 % ) also had high shares of
health is at risk , while younger people are more focused on potential economic threats . The survey , conducted March 19 - 24 , finds that a quarter of adults say the coronavirus outbreak is a major threat to their personal health and finances . About as many ( 24 % ) say it is a major threat to their finances , but not to their health . Fewer Americans ( 11
economic conditions with favor . Currently , 46 % of Republicans , and just 24 % of independents and 15 % of
. A majority ( 56 % ) says the United States has mostly failed in achieving its goals in Afghanistan ; 36
rates for children under 5 and for mothers . Between 1990 and 2015 , sub - Saharan Africa decreased the number of deaths among children under 5 by 52 % . Even so , the region continues to have the highest under-5 mortality rate , with 86 deaths per 1,000 live births . And while maternal deaths dropped by 49 % since 1990 , sub - Saharan Africa still has a
kids hard enough was especially common among 30 to 49 year - olds ( 72 % ) , the age group most likely to have children under age 18 . Globally , Americans stand out on this question . Among 21 nations polled , the U.S. had the highest percentage saying parents should apply more pressure . Views were quite different in China , the only country where a majority ( 68 % ) said parents put too much pressure on their children to succeed in school . The Chinese education system ’s
war in Iraq was not worth fighting , while 58 % say the same about the war in Afghanistan . The American public holds similar views : 62 % and 59 % of U.S. adults , respectively , say the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan were not worth
fight against Mexican drug cartels . About three - quarters ( 74 % ) would welcome U.S. assistance in training Mexican police and military personnel . A majority ( 55 % ) would also approve of the U.S. providing money and weapons to the country ’s police and military , although this position has lost some support in recent years ; 61 % backed this form of U.S. assistance in 2012 and 64 % did so in 2011 . However , there is little enthusiasm for the deployment of
most closely : 27 % of Republicans say this , compared with 18 % of Democrats and 14 % of independents . For Republicans , the campaign was the week ’s top story . About a quarter of the public ( 24 % ) say they very closely followed news about Congress passing legislation to extend payroll tax cuts and unemployment benefits that otherwise would have expired . This was the top story for 6 % . News about the legislation accounted for 4 % of coverage . Partisans are
, gas prices ( 37 % ) and the availability of jobs ( 34 % ) are mentioned by about a third of Americans as affecting their household ’s finances a lot . Only about two - in - ten say the same of the stock market ( 21 % ) or the federal budget
of politicians and political groups , including Trump , Barack Obama , Hillary Clinton , Democrats and Republicans . Overall , 69,318 posts – 15 % of all posts created between Feb. 24 , 2016 , and Dec. 31 , 2017 – expressed opposition . Among posts that expressed this kind of confrontational rhetoric , 13 % of the reactions to the average post received “ angry ” feedback . By
: 94 % say they have an unfavorable view , including 78 % who say they have a very unfavorable opinion . In Australia , the U.S. and South Korea , roughly three - quarters or more say they have
school degree ( 53 % ) say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry . While Republicans overall are divided in views of same - sex marriage , moderate and liberal Republicans are much more supportive than are conservative Republicans ( 63 % vs. 39 % ) . There also are wide ideological differences among Democrats , though majorities of conservative and moderate Democrats
household has taken a pay cut or lost a job – or both – because of the COVID-19 outbreak , compared with 33 % of all U.S. adults . Among both Hispanics and the wider public , more people say someone has experienced a pay cut or a reduction in work hours than say someone was laid off or lost a job ( 40 % vs. 29 % among
in all or most cases . And nearly two - thirds oppose overturning Roe v. Wade , the landmark Supreme Court decision guaranteeing a right to abortion at least during the first three months of pregnancy , according to a January 2013 Pew Research poll . At
say it is more difficult to be a mother today than it was 20 or 30 years ago .
there are some notable differences in these views by strength of support for the candidate . Half of all Trump supporters say undocumented immigrants living in the U.S. are
between 2003 and 2004 . Today , 36 % of Americans favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry , up from 32 % in December 2004 . The percentage favoring gay civil unions has risen as
recipients are ages 25 or younger , and a majority are women . Women make up a slight majority (
more likely to be interested in science and technology and more likely to own technology products such as smartphones , tablets and computers . And while men and women have similar preferences , index scores suggest that men under age 50 are more likely than either older men or women at any age to prefer new technology products . Technology products have typically come on
and the problems facing returning soldiers . Overall , 19 % of the public paid very close attention to news about the fired U.S. attorneys and 8 % said this was the single news story they followed more closely than any other . The news media devoted 16 % of its coverage overall to the firings – an eight - fold increase over the week of March 5 – making it the most covered story of the week . Public interest increased as well though at a lower rate . Democrats followed the U.S. attorneys story more closely than Republicans ( 23 % vs. 15 % , respectively , followed it very closely).This story did generate more public interest than the recent verdict in the Scooter Libby trial – one of last week ’s most covered news stories . Only 13 % followed that story very closely . While the
often outwardly express their Hispanic identity than five years ago by speaking Spanish in public ( 24 % ) , talking about their pride in being Hispanic ( 25 % ) or wearing clothing that shows their Hispanic heritage ( 10 % ) . Meanwhile , a similar share of Hispanics ( 33 % ) said they more often express their U.S. identity by speaking only English in public ( 21 % ) , talking about their pride in being American
at least a somewhat positive effect on consumer confidence ( 88 % think they help a lot or some ) , product
, too , there are differences in views by party and age . Fully 68 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents think there has been too much media coverage of demonstrations , while 18 % think the amount of
This is because Buddhists have relatively low fertility rates compared with other religious groups , and they are not expected to grow significantly
in March found that 71 % of Americans say there should be a way for people in the United States illegally to remain in this country if they meet certain requirements , while 27 % say they should not be allowed to stay legally .
Before the rampage , Americans said they were tracking news about the economy most closely , but in the survey ’s fourth and final day – the Sunday following the horrific events in Arizona –
, because of their dense concentration in a small number of countries , 99 % of Jews and Hindus lived in nations where members of their groups were harassed . And despite being one of the most geographically dispersed religious groups
the previous year , according to the Center ’s analysis of Alliance for Audited Media data . Both figures are now below their lowest recorded levels , though weekday circulation first passed this threshold in 2013 .
get things done and just 16 % disagreed . Democrats have always been more supportive of this idea than Republicans ( 90 % of Democrats last year wanted leaders who compromised ) , but about two - thirds of Republicans
middle - income populations led to rising shares of adults in lower- and upper - income tiers . These shifts signal a sharpening of economic divisions among households in many Western European countries and the U.S. However , there is also a general improvement in the economic status of adults because the movement up the income ladder was greater than the movement downward in most countries from 1991 to 2010 . Compared with Western Europe , the U.S. middle class is smaller . Among the countries examined , the U.S. is the only country in which fewer than six - in - ten adults were in the middle class in 2010 . Meanwhile , compared with many Western European countries , greater shares of Americans were either lower income ( 26 % ) or upper income ( 15 % ) . Thus , U.S. households were more economically divided than households in the Western European countries analyzed . In the Western European countries , middle - class shares in 2010 ranged from 64 % in Spain to 80 % in Denmark and Norway . The share of adults who were lower income was lowest in the Netherlands ( 13 % ) and highest in Spain ( 24 % ) , and upper -
amount , while about as many ( 49 % ) say it will help them not too much or not at all . Democrats are less hopeful : 40 %
downward trend in net migration from Mexico began about five years ago and has led to the first significant decrease in at least two decades in the unauthorized Mexican population . As of 2011 , some 6.1 million unauthorized Mexican immigrants were living in the U.S. , down from a peak of nearly 7 million in 2007 , according to Pew Hispanic Center estimates based on data from the U.S. Census Bureau . Over the same period , the population of authorized immigrants from Mexico rose modestly , from 5.6 million in 2007 to 5.8 million in 2011 . The net standstill in Mexican
German government negotiate trade accords for Germany , by more than two - to - one ( 65 % to 28 % ) Germans say Berlin not Brussels should be the negotiator . Support for this reassertion of the nation state ’s role in international commercial agreements is particularly strong ( 73 % ) among members of the Christian Democratic Union , Christian Social Union and the Free Democratic Parties . Backing for returning this
This view is most pronounced in Greece , where 81 % say Germany plays a more important role , and just 5 % say it has a less important role . Majorities
eight - in - ten Solid Liberals ( 84 % ) say it matters a great deal to them which party wins control of Congress next year , the highest share of any typology group . Core Conservatives are next highest , at 77 % . At this point , other groups are less engaged by the struggle for partisan control of Congress . And the drop - off
. The population decline has included young people . Enrollment in Puerto Rico ’s elementary schools and high schools has declined 40 % over the past decade , the report said
seen in Britain , Spain , and Germany are comparable to those seen in most of the predominantly Muslim countries surveyed . In Pakistan , 87 % primarily identify as Muslims ; in Jordan , 67 % do so . In Nigeria , 71 % of Muslims see themselves as Muslims first
than a number of other major international disasters in recent years . About one - in - three Americans ( 32 % ) say they are very closely following news about the deadly typhoon that struck the Philippines on Nov. 8 . By comparison , 55 % of the public closely followed the aftermath of the 2011 tsunami in Japan , 58 % followed the tsunami that struck coastlines around the Indian Ocean at the end of 2004 , and 60 % followed the 2010 Haiti earthquake . In the new national survey , conducted Nov. 14 - 17 among 1,013 adults
in Iraq - related news was tested , roughly a quarter of Americans said they were following “ very closely ” , but about one - in - ten rated it as the top story they followed most closely . The exception to this came in early September , when 17
Census Bureau data . From 2009 to 2011 , the mean wealth of the 8 million households in the more affluent group rose to an estimated $ 3,173,895 from an estimated $ 2,476,244 , while the mean wealth of the 111 million households in the less affluent group fell
surveyed – Russia – majorities say global climate change is a major threat to their nation . South Koreans are the most concerned , with 86 % considering it a major threat . At the other end of the spectrum ,
few years ago . Between 2009 and 2012 , the share of Latino adults who say they go online at least occasionally increased 14 percentage points , rising from 64 % to 78%.2 Among whites , internet use rates also increased , but only by half as much — from 80 % in 2009 to 87
in this year ’s survey , which also included the U.S. and China . A 14 - country median of 71 % said they disliked Iran , making critical views of it more common than unfavorable opinions of
they were hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy , up from 55 % in December . Now perceptions are comparable to
month ( Dec. 5 - 9 ) , 50 % of adults said they sympathized more with Israel in its dispute with the
most likely to have completed at least a bachelor ’s degree . In 2016 , about two - thirds ( 65 % ) of Asian workers ages 25 to 29 had at least a bachelor ’s degree , compared
by lopsided margins . Three quarters ( 75 % ) disapprove of workplace raids ; some 79 % prefer that local police not take an active role in identifying illegal immigrants ; and some 55 % disapprove
greater concern is that some states are making it too difficult for people to get an abortion . By 65 % to 33 % , Republicans and Republican leaners say their greater concern is that some states are making it too easy for people to get an abortion . Views on this question are closely related to overall views on whether abortion should
Center tabulations of the 2011 American Community Survey ( ACS ) . By comparison , Puerto Ricans , the nation ’s second largest Hispanic - origin group , number about 5 million and
world leader today compared with 10 years ago . Just 7 % believe the U.S. plays a more important role , while 29 % say Washington is as important as a decade ago . Such Japanese sentiment about a longtime ally is striking : Only
% increase over the previous year – far lower than the 45 % annual increase seen in 2016 . This slowdown follows a period of rapid growth : From 2014 to 2015 , the number of foreign students with master
% say it has not made a difference . Shortly after Trump ’s victory last year , voters had less negative expectations for how his election would affect race relations . In November 2016 , nearly half ( 46 % ) said it would lead to worse race
in loans ( those graduating from private for - profit colleges owed even more , at about $ 40,038 ) , compared with $ 25,640 among public university graduates the same
country ’s growth in this time period . Much of the growth is occurring in a relatively small geographic area . A Pew Research Center analysis last year found that the 10 largest counties by Hispanic population accounted for 22 % of the national Hispanic population growth between 2000 and
on a survey of 3,001 American adults ( ages 18 and older ) conducted between August 9 and September 13 , 2010 . The margin of error is + /- 3 percentage points . Interviews were conducted in English and Spanish , and the survey included 1,000
Another 21 % see this as a somewhat serious challenge . Fully 69 % hold the view that China ’s growing military power is a problem for India , including 46 % who say this is a very serious issue . And the same proportion ( 69 % ) expresses the opinion that China ’s territorial disputes with India are very
to 29 - year - olds ( 35 % ) say the pandemic has been made a bigger deal than it really is , close to the overall average . But those youngest adults are more likely
’ views since Russia ’s challenge to the pro - Western government in Ukraine , and the rapid rise of ISIS in the conflict - ridden Middle East . Today , 39 % of Americans say the U.S. is
in January to 34 % today – disapproval has grown substantially from 34 % to 49 % . Independents , in particular , express a much more negative opinion of Democratic congressional leaders . Fully 58 %
” reach the maximum amount of data that they are allowed to consume as part of their cell phone plan , and 51 % say that this happens to them at least occasionally . Each of these figures is substantially higher than those reported
in Trump to do the right thing in world affairs . In contrast , 64 % expressed confidence in President Barack Obama in these same 37 nations during the final years of his presidency . And this shift in American leadership has clearly
U.S. Relatively few respondents in these 16 nations think Japan or the countries of the European Union are the globe ’s leading economic power , although 25 % of Germans say it is the EU countries .
different degrees of value to different pieces of information . Social Security numbers are ranked as
excited about the outcome . Just 11 % of all registered voters say they would be excited if Trump won , 26 % say they would be
their retirement , according to a 2012 survey . That ’s up 13 percentage points from the 25 % who expressed that concern in a Pew Research
to last November ’s poll . In March 2013 , there was more support ( 48 % ) than opposition ( 38 % ) to increased use of the drilling technique . Republicans support increased fracking far more than Democrats , by a 62 % to 29 % margin . There was a particularly dramatic change of views in the Midwest where increased use of fracking is now opposed by a 47 % to 39 % margin compared with the majority who favored its use in 2013 . In broad terms , developing alternative energy
driving their vote on Election Day . This number is about the same among supporters of Republican and Democratic candidates this November . About half of voters ( 48 % ) view their choice as a vote in favor of their own party . Those voters who hold ideologically mixed viewpoints are less likely than the average to see their vote in
children – say sharing household chores is “ very important ” to a successful marriage , according to the most recent report from Pew Research Center ’s Religious Landscape Study . That ranks behind
somewhat more attentive to the election than their Republican counterparts ( 71 % said they had given it at least some thought , compared with
) and Massachusetts ( 3 % ) . Hawaii ’s share was 7 % . The share is markedly higher in some states , especially those with high shares of unauthorized immigrants in the population . Among adults ages 16 and older who are working or looking for work , unauthorized immigrants represent the highest share in Nevada ( 10.2 % in 2012 ) ; Nevada also has
of their local public library would have on their community , two - thirds ( 65 % ) of Hispanics say the impact would be a major one , a similar share to that of whites ( 63 % ) and blacks ( 64 % ) . However , immigrant Hispanics are the most likely to see an impact on their community . Some 73 % say this , compared with 58 %
than the generation that came before . Across the 10 economically advanced nations surveyed , a median of 65 % believe that when children in their country grow up , they will be financially worse off than their parents . In the U.S. , 65 % say American children will be worse off , while just 30 % think they will do better financially than their parents . A major reason why emerging and developing nations
13 and Oct. 17 - 20 ) with results from mid - October 2004 finds that interest in the campaign is up among many subgroups . There is much higher interest this year among African Americans ( up 24 points ) , those with a high school degree or less education ( up 18 points ) , Democrats ( up 17 points ) and those 65 years and older ( up 16 points ) . Meanwhile , the percent of Republicans following campaign news very closely is the same ( 57 % ) as it
protests , while just 37 % approve . Despite all this , Erdogan is a heavy favorite going into next month ’s presidential election because of strong support from his dominant Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) and a long record of economic growth in Turkey . Amid continued unrest in Syria , Iraq , Israel and the Palestinian territories , support for Erdogan has dropped significantly in four of the seven Middle Eastern nations surveyed since last year . For example , last year , 75 % in Jordan had a favorable view of Erdogan , but in the current poll it is only 60 % . Support dropped even further
past two decades , from 8.4 % in 1990 to 15.9 % in 2010 . The share of black , Hispanic and Asian students enrolled in majority - minority
are divided about the tax law ’s impact on the country as a whole : 35 % say the law will have a mostly positive effect on the country , 40 % a mostly negative effect and 15 % say it will have little effect
possible link between cell phone use and brain cancer . As is usually the case with health - related stories , women had heard more about this story than
defined as hires as a percentage of total nonfarm employment — was 3.3 % , the same as it ’s been since October last year . In fact , there ’s been no significant improvement in the hiring rate for nearly three years . By comparison , the hiring rate before the Great Recession typically was
) return for the money they and their families spend on their education . Just 5 % of the public says college students receive excellent value for their money , and 35 % say colleges provide good value . There is little difference in the evaluation of a college education between adults who did and did not attend college . College presidents , however , are far more generous in their evaluation of higher education . Fully three - fourths of
on the kinds of “ data exhaust ” that is generated as a result of everyday forms of online communications , web surfing and application use . Respondents were asked how much they cared “ that only you and those you
By contrast , smaller religious groups may not have been harassed in as many countries simply because they are not present in as many countries . For instance , because of their dense concentration in a small number of countries ,
awareness of details related to how the Zika virus is spread ( 86 % know it is primarily spread by mosquitoes ) . In addition , 72 % know that tap water in Flint , Michigan , is unsafe because it contains too much lead . While 62 % correctly identify Paul Ryan
% ) says the U.S. should deal with its own problems and let other countries deal with their problems as best they can . In this regard , Americans are not drastically different from respondents in
, 27 % are angry at the federal government – three times the percentage among those who feel like their side wins more frequently ( 9 % ) .
, just 9 % said they expected the economy to worsen over the succeeding 12 months . That number doubled to 18 % in January , and has
54 % say that their phone is “ not always needed , ” while 46 % say that it
free trade has been a bad thing for the U.S. , while only 24 % say it has been good for the country . These views , which have shifted starkly since May 2015 , when 51 % of Republican voters said free trade was a
as positive . Americans ages 18 - 29 are also more likely than their older counterparts to view the agreement favorably . Americans embrace the idea of expanding trade relations specifically with Japan . Fully 74 % in the U.S. say increased trade with Japan would be a good thing , and 29 % think it would be very good for the U.S. The belief that increased trade with Japan is a very good thing
’s a big if ) 70 % of Boomer - and - older eligible voters turn out in November , Millennials and Xers could match them even by turning out at much lower rates . A turnout rate of 70 % among older voters would translate to 68.6 million votes . Millennials and Gen X could match that number of votes with a turnout rate of 54.5 % . This level of turnout among the two younger generations seems
, artists and videographers have been trimmed by nearly half ( 43%)—from 6,171 in 2000 to 3,493 in 2012 , according to ASNE . By comparison , the number
and debt ceiling , Gallup reports that 33 % of Americans now cite dissatisfaction with government and lawmakers as the nation ’s top issue . That figure not only surpasses the economy ( 19 % ) and unemployment ( 12 % ) , but is the highest such percentage dating back to 1939 for what Gallup
important roles in the region today than they did 10 years ago . At least half in all of the nations surveyed say Russia is more influential now compared with a decade ago . Lebanon is particularly likely to say Russia ’s role has
even as Instagram and Snapchat have risen into a prominent role in teens ’ online lives . Asked which platforms they used most often , the overall population of teens in this sample
% growth , and Sinclair , at 35 % . Nexstar owns 75 television stations , which reach 44 markets across the country , and Sinclair operates 163 television stations in 77 markets . Seven companies showed revenue declines year - to - year , with Scripps ( -21 % ) and Washington Post Co. ( -18 % ) suffering the
Research Center estimates based on government data . These estimates reflect an increase since the end of the Great Recession in 2009 , when such students numbered 3.6 million
60 % approving strongly . Among those who say white people do not benefit too much from advantages that blacks do not have , a smaller majority ( 57 % ) approve of Trump ’s job performance , including 39 % who
held by terrorist groups has widespread approval . Though the policy has come under some recent criticism , 70 % approve
- ten ( 69 % ) say they have a favorable opinion of Michelle Obama , about the same as the 71 % that said this in November . Still , the latest Pew Research / National Journal Congressional Connection Poll , sponsored by SHRM , shows both Barack
in 2007 , Italians overwhelmingly said that immigration was a big problem in their country and that immigrants — both from the Middle East and North Africa and from Eastern European countries — were having a bad impact on Italy . More recently , in the fall of 2009 , more than eight - in - ten Italians said they would like to see tighter restrictions on immigration . Italians were more likely than
education . Roughly eight - in - ten blacks with at least some college experience ( 81 % ) say they ’ve experienced racial discrimination , at least from time to time , including
immigration , foreign policy and other realms – the average partisan gap is 39 percentage points . Across all 30 political values , the differences between Republicans and Democrats dwarf all other differences by demographics or other factors . The 39 - point average gap is more than twice the difference between white and nonwhite adults ( 17 percentage
the Congress party , and is 30 points more than that for Rahul Gandhi , who led the Congress ticket in the last Lok Sabha
American workers who belong to labor unions has fallen by about half . Union membership peaked in 1954 at nearly 35 % of all U.S. workers ( excluding the self - employed ) , but in 2018 the unionization rate was just 10.5 % . ( The share of workers represented by unions is a bit higher ,
of Latinos in other parts of the country . For example , in California , the state with the largest Hispanic population , 30 % say they prefer “ Hispanic ” and 17
story they followed most closely . In addition , 30 % paid very close attention to the debate in Washington over U.S. policy in Iraq , and 10 % said this was the story they followed most closely . More than a quarter of the public paid very close attention to the debate in Congress over new immigration policy , and 12 % listed this as their top story . Hispanics followed this story slightly more closely than did non - Hispanics ( 34 % vs. 26 % very closely ) . Republicans and Democrats followed the story in roughly equal proportions . The media devoted 10 % of its coverage overall to the immigration debate , putting it on a par with the Iraq policy debate and events on the ground in Iraq . The 2008 presidential
parents face the question of whether a more expensive education leads to greater returns later in life . The answer given by those who have graduated from college is that their feelings of personal satisfaction and economic well - being are about the same , no matter which type of institution they attended , according to a 2013 Pew Research Center survey .
one - in - three ( 34 % ) believe it increases wages , and only about one - in - four ( 27 % ) think it decreases
the ease with which people can legally obtain guns contributes a great deal or fair amount to gun violence , compared with just 39 % of Republicans . By contrast , more than eight - in - ten Republicans ( 84 % ) and Democrats (
there was massive media attention on the rise of crack cocaine and drug - related violence . Concern over drugs reached a peak in 1990
Sen. Clinton was still a viable candidate for the nomination ) . For instance , 84 % of the French who are following the race have confidence in Obama , compared with 60 %
or more cite the U.S. as a top ally in Japan ( 63 % ) , the Philippines ( 64 % ) and South Korea ( 71 % ) . In fact , in every country surveyed , more name the U.S.
latest survey by Pew Research Center , conducted Feb. 7 - 12 among 1,503 adults , shows how members of both parties are coming to grips with Washington ’s changed political dynamics : Democrats want their party to challenge Trump . Nearly three - quarters of Democrats and Democratic leaners
say childhood vaccinations should be required , while 30 % say parents should be able to decide . Among all age groups , young adults are more likely to say vaccinating children should be
number of anti - Muslim intimidation crimes – defined as threatening bodily harm — also rose in 2015 , with 120 reported to the FBI . Again , this was the most anti - Muslim intimidation crimes reported in any year since 2001 , when there
a major impact on public opinion – it ’s likely that FJP supporters will react negatively to the ultimatum – but it is clear that the military comes into this crisis with a stronger public image than many of the country ’s key political players . For example , the March survey
fifth of the national newshole ( 21 % ) was devoted to the presidential campaign , while news about the war — including the situation in Iraq , returning U.S. troops
on issues such as divorce , abortion , gay marriage and gender norms . One relatively recent and distinctive Protestant movement that has gained ground globally is Pentecostalism . While practices vary , Pentecostal churches often emphasize the “ gifts of the Holy Spirit , ” such as divine healing , speaking in tongues and receiving direct revelations from God . These practices are common among Protestants in sub - Saharan Africa , Latin America and even in Asia . For example , in a survey conducted in 2014 , the majority of churchgoing Protestants across 19
one - quarter of Americans ( 27 % ) say they have chosen not to post something after witnessing online harassment , while a similar share ( 28 % ) say they adjusted their
In 2012 the median household income was $ 51,017 , still below the pre - recession 2007 level ( $ 55,627 ) and also below the all - time peak level reached in 1999 ( $ 56,080 ) . So the typical American household had 9 % less income in 2012 than it did 13 years earlier ( all figures adjusted for inflation ) . The 2012 level is just above where it had stood as of 1995 ( $ 50,978 ) . Households headed by those 65 and older are faring relatively better since the recession . The income patterns of younger and older
Pew Research Center survey finds that 76 % in France say they have a favorable view of Muslims living in their country , similar to the 72 % registered in 2014 . Meanwhile ,
nuclear program . Only 25 % back deepening ties with North Korea . Notably , however , 41 % of young Japanese support deepening ties ,
When asked about major national institutions in Venezuela , there is a clear consensus that government - run organizations are having a bad influence on the country . More
Russia . Just 15 % prefer strong ties with Russia , and another 21 % volunteer that it is best to have an equally close relationship with both . However , East and West Germans differ on ties with the U.S. While 61 % of Germans living in the West
stories of the year in terms of news interest . In the week ending July 25 , 2010 – shortly after BP said it had capped the leak and just before the resignation of CEO Tony Hayward – fully 59 % of American adults were following the Gulf leak very closely . The only story as closely watched in 2010 was that of another disaster , the January earthquake in Haiti ( 60 % paid close attention at the peak ) . Public interest went hand - in -
the surveys from The William and Flora Hewlett Foundation . But the bottom line is this : Across 10 measures that Pew Research Center has tracked on the same surveys since 1994 , the average partisan gap has increased from 15 percentage points to 36 points . Two decades ago , the average partisan differences on these items were only somewhat wider than
week . Republicans and Democrats followed campaign news equally closely last week . Coverage of the campaign well surpassed all other major stories . Campaign coverage accounted for 39 % of the newshole and was particularly dominant on cable news television , where the campaign made up three - quarters ( 73 % ) of all news . The Iraq war was the public ’s third most closely followed story last week ( 11 % called it their top story ) . Three - in - ten continue to follow news about the situation in Iraq very closely , generally unchanged from recent surveys . Public interest in the Iraq policy debate , which was back in the news last week largely because of the 5th anniversary of the war , was unchanged from its level in early December . One - in - five ( 21 % ) followed the Iraq policy debate very closely and 3 % said this was the story they followed most closely . The national news media devoted 3 % of its overall coverage to events in Iraq and 5 % to the Iraq policy debate . There was relatively little public interest in violent protests in Tibet
about the top problems facing their country , rising prices , electricity shortages , a lack of job opportunities , and crime top the list . Nine
data , but it does indicate that the South had the most job openings in April of any region – nearly 2.2 million – though the openings rate there ( 3.9 % ) was slightly below that of the nation as a whole . The Midwest had the nation ’s highest regional openings rate ( 4.4 % ) , followed by the Northeast ( 4.1 % ) ;
% then . There also has been a sharp decline in the share of Biden supporters who feel angry , from 80 % then to 56
, though department stores account for less of the seasonal surge than they used to ( as well as a smaller share of retail employment generally ) and clothing / accessories stores account for more . While the pre - holiday hiring surge is impressive , the post - holiday drop is even more dramatic . Retail payrolls typically fall 5 % to 6 % between December and February , as retailers with disappointing holiday sales lay off staff and close unprofitable stores . ( This past year , retailers shed a combined 880,000 jobs in the two months after Christmas . ) For some struggling retailers , a bad holiday season can be the final push over
household income of less than $ 30,000 support broadband subsidies for lower - income Americans . But that figure falls to just 10 % among Republicans from households earning $ 75,000 or more a year . Overall , however
they can identify people who are at risk of self - harm and connect them to counseling services ( 45 % vs. 27 % ) . The same pattern arises when it comes to companies that make smart
spring finds that blacks also are about twice as likely as whites to think there is too little attention paid to racial issues in this country ( 58 % vs.
the general U.S. population and Latinos say that jobs are difficult to find where they live—73 % versus 78 % . However , Latinos hold a more negative view of their own current personal financial situation than does the population as a whole . More than three - in - four ( 75 % ) Latinos , and 84 % of foreign - born Latinos , say their current personal finances are in either fair or poor shape , while 61 % of the general U.S. population
of human activity , but just 22 % of Trump supporters share that view . Nearly half of Trump supporters ( 47 % ) say the Earth is warming because of natural patterns , and three
across each of the major multiracial groups , say they are proud of their mixed racial background , and about the same percentage say their background has left them more open to different
the public ( 69 % ) believes the Islamic militant group in Iraq and Syria known as ISIS represents a major threat . And a similar number ( 68 % ) cite global climate change as a major problem . Notably , it is older Japanese ( 75 % of those ages 50 and older ) , not younger ones ( 59 % ages 18 to 34 ) , who are the most worried about global warming . Despite widespread antipathy toward Beijing , a smaller share of the public (
site daily ( 19 % vs. 10 % of non - parents ) . Parents who use Instagram are not as active as non - parent users . Some 54 % of non - parents who use Instagram say they use the site daily , compared with 39 % of parents . Among Twitter and Pinterest users , there are few statistically significant differences in how frequently parents and non
likely to prioritize greater cooperation with Germany than Germans are to prioritize increased cooperation with the U.S. About seven - in - ten in the U.S. ( 69 % ) want more cooperation with Germany , compared with half of Germans ( 50 % ) who want more cooperation with the U.S. Instead , Germans are most likely to say they want greater cooperation with
only 13 % of conservative and moderate Democrats say the same . Adults 65 and older are the most likely to say the U.S. stands above all other nations ( 44 % ) . By contrast , just 12 % of those younger than 30 say the same , the lowest share in any age category . There is little difference in views of the nation ’s global standing by race and ethnicity : About
. Just 35 % currently say troops should remain in the country until the situation there has stabilized . By more than three - to - one , Democrats say U.S. troops should be removed as soon as possible ( 73 % ) , rather than remain in Afghanistan until the situation stabilizes ( 22 % ) . A smaller majority of
that American Catholics themselves are experiencing family life in all its modern complexity . One - quarter of Catholics say they have been divorced , including one - in - ten who are
Zimbabwe may bring an end to the 37 - year - long rule of President Robert Mugabe . It ’s the first such seizure of power globally in three years – a reminder of how much rarer coups have become as methods of regime change . Since the end of
or more—62 % in 2012 , compared with 35 % in 2000 . About a fifth ( 21 % ) had been in the U.S. for two decades or more as
as nearly three quarters of all cell owners ages 18 - 24 ( 73 % ) used their cell phone in this manner recently . But while this behavior is especially common
who read in order to research specific topics of interest has increased by 10 - percentage points over that time frame , from 74 % to 84 % .
employers with 500 or more employees had access to the benefit ( up from 17 % in 2010 ) , while only 9 % of workers at
says “ it ’s understandable that more people undergo cosmetic procedures these days because it is a competitive world and people who look more attractive tend to
say they are angry at the federal government , while 51 % feel frustrated . Just 17 % say they are basically content with the government . As in the past , substantial majorities across the political spectrum are either angry or frustrated with the federal government . But anger at the government is far more widespread among conservative Republicans than other partisan groups . This marks a change from
asked specifically about Kashmir , a majority of Indians ( 55 % ) see the situation there as a very big problem . More than half ( 53 %
experience any form of online harassment , women report higher levels of emotional stress from their experiences and differ in their attitudes toward the underlying causes of such incidents . There are also gender differences in views of online harassment as a public issue . Seven - in - ten women ( 70 % ) say they see online harassment as a major problem , compared with 54 % of men . Younger women – those ages 18 to 29 – are especially likely to say this : More than eight - in - ten ( 83 % ) say it is a major problem , compared with 55 % of men in the
only one - third expressed confidence in the Venezuelan leader . Opinions about Chavez were more mixed in Argentina , where nearly as many expressed confidence as lacked confidence ( 40 % vs. 43 % , respectively ) . Between 2007 and 2008 , confidence in Chavez declined in all of the three Latin American countries included in the 2008 Global Attitudes poll — Argentina , Brazil and Mexico . In Argentina , only a quarter ( 26 % ) held a lot or some confidence in Chavez in 2008 , a drop
jobs plan as their top story , according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey , conducted Sept. 8 - 11 by the Pew Research Center for the People & amp ; the Press among 1,010 adults . These two topics – the 9/11 anniversary and the economy ’s troubles – also topped media coverage . News about the anniversary and developments related to terror on the home front together accounted for 18 % of coverage , according to the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ
comes to Putin . Americans consistently have expressed little confidence in Putin to do the right thing on world affairs , but Republicans and Democrats differ somewhat in these views . Republicans and Republican
’s revised definition of the Millennial generation and the updated year in which Millennials will be the largest generation in
zero the coldest , most negative . Republicans , on the other hand , give her an average rating of 12 , and 59 % give her a zero on the scale . Republicans ’ deeply negative views of Clinton find a parallel in Democrats ’ deeply negative views of Donald Trump , who rates
% ) be justified . Today , the public is somewhat more likely to express reservations about the use of pre - emptive force than it was eight years ago , when Pew Research Center last asked the question . In November 2009 , during President Barack Obama ’s first year in office and amid debate about drawing down U.S. troop levels in Iraq , 52 % of Americans said the use of pre - emptive military force by the U.S. was sometimes
Obama was by far the most visible candidate in the news last week . Two - thirds of the public ( 67 % ) named Obama as the candidate they ’ve been hearing the most about in the news in the
connection between local journalists and the communities they serve . But there are again some partisan differences on several measures of that connection . Republicans , for example , are somewhat less likely than Democrats to say local journalists are in
year ago . Shortly after Barack Obama took office in 2009 , approval of Republican leaders stood at 34 % . Job performance ratings for Democratic leaders also have slipped since the start of the Obama administration ( from 48 % approval in February 2009 to 30 % currently ) . In July , that rating stood at 35 % . Still , going into the campaign ’s final weeks Democrats
Christians ( 90 % ) . Aside from those born in the U.S. , many black Muslims come from sub - Saharan Africa , including countries such as Somalia and Ethiopia . By contrast ,
2005 Political Typology ( based on polling in December 2004 ) , 77 % of whites , but only 56 % of blacks agreed that the position of blacks in American society has improved
coverage , while 39 % say they like getting a lot of coverage about the election . This feeling of fatigue is particularly true among those who are n’t following news about the election very closely – 69 % of this group say they are worn out compared with about 41 % of those who follow the election very closely . That said , just because Americans are worn out by the amount of coverage does not imply that interest in
media ’s coverage of climate change . Some 47 % of U.S. adults say the media does a good job covering global climate change , while 51 % say they do a bad job
in the Philippines . Since being elected in 2016 , Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte has waged a war on drugs that has garnered international condemnation , including accusations of crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Court . Yet Pew Research Center ’s 2017 survey finds that Duterte is well - liked domestically and his policies , including his approach to the war on drugs , are generally popular among Filipinos . A 57 % majority say they are satisfied with the way things are going in their country , up from 36 % three years ago
above the election of 2000 ( at 1.7 % ) . The greatest variability in the polls was seen in 1992 , when Ross Perot ’s on - again , off- again candidacy ­ and Bill Clinton ’s rising support in the June - July time frame ­ resulted in average polling
week , while 18 % cite news about the economy . These figures are largely unchanged from the previous week . Continuing reports about Tiger Woods remains a major story for some Americans . Roughly one - in - seven Americans ( 14 %
to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in August and September 2017 . Moms , by comparison , still do more of the child care and are more likely than dads to say they are satisfied with the amount of time they spend with their kids . About half ( 53 % ) say
are fewer regional differences among religiously affiliated teens in public schools when it comes to personally wearing religious clothing or jewelry in school . About a third of teens in the South ( 36 % ) and Midwest ( 35 % ) say they often or sometimes wear clothing or jewelry with religious symbols , as do 26 % of teens in the Northeast and 25 % of
and China are bad . Fewer ( 41 % ) think economic relations between the two nations are good , with just 2 % of American adults saying ties are very good . Partisanship is associated with views of the U.S.-China economic relationship : While 49 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents see current ties as good , around one - third ( 36 % ) of Democrats and Democratic
active role in public policy debates about issues related to science and technology . ” Just 13 % of these scientists back the opposite statement : “ Scientists should focus on
half or more in almost all countries say they have no confidence in Xi , whereas confidence is much higher in all three sub - Saharan African countries surveyed and tends to be higher in several of the Middle East and North African countries surveyed . In the six Asia - Pacific countries surveyed , most have little confidence in Xi Jinping when it comes to world affairs . Just 29 % have confidence in him to do what is
active legislative tweeters produced 76 % of all legislative tweets . The conversation is least concentrated in the U.S. , where the top quarter of legislative tweeters only
presidents , however , have fluctuated . In 2003 , President George W. Bush received very high ratings , but those declined a bit over the course of his presidency . Obama ’s confidence ratings varied from 49 % to 71 % in the Center ’s polling in Israel during his administration . Between 2014 and 2015 , his ratings dipped
2016 , when about 2 million Latinos were registered to vote , accounting for 16 % of Florida ’s registered voters , according to a Pew Research
met to nominate their candidates . Interest continued to rise until Election Day . Similarly in 2004 , interest in campaign news increased following the conventions . That year , the Democratic convention was held at the end of July and the GOP convention spanned the end of August and the start of September . In July , 29 % said they were
% today , 42 % in February 2010 ) . But Republicans typically vote at higher rates than Democrats in midterm elections . Democratic voters
Hispanic adults say the coronavirus outbreak is a major threat to the health of the U.S. population as a whole , compared with about half ( 47 % ) of the general public . More Hispanics than Americans overall say the outbreak is a major threat to their personal financial situation ( 50 % vs. 34 %
to be Catholic . Only 5 % of blacks say they are Catholic , compared with 21 % of the public overall ,
majorities of Americans say all eight of the issues included on the survey are at least a somewhat serious problem for the U.S. And seven of these issues are considered a serious problem by roughly eight - in - ten or more of those polled . All three economic issues are rated as very serious problems by roughly half or more of the American public
of the unemployed are people who ’ve lost their jobs permanently ( as opposed to those who are temporarily laid off or furloughed but expect to be recalled ) , and people who ’ve resumed their job search and thus are once again considered part of the labor force . Last month , according to BLS , 2.8
A majority of Americans ( 54 % ) say that gun ownership in this country does more to protect people from becoming victims of crime ,
of the public ( 24 % ) say they very closely followed news about the deadly suicide bomb in Afghanistan on Dec. 30 that killed seven CIA employees and a Jordanian intelligence officer ; 6 % say this was the story they followed most closely last week . The incident
. Not only is this remarkably different from Muslims elsewhere in Europe ( fully 81 % of British Muslims self - identify with their religion rather than their nationality , for example ) but it is remarkably close to the responses given by Americans when asked whether they identify first as national citizens or as Christians
% ) , while 9 % named news about swine flu as their top story of the week . The media devoted 3 % of newshole to the story . The public paid relatively little attention to reports about CIA interrogation methods and an investigation
more likely to have a negative assessment of the administration ’s words and actions and to include a challenge by the journalist to something Trump or a member of his administration said , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of more than 3,000 stories across 24 media outlets . A recent report from the Center found that about one - in - six news stories about the president or the administration ( 16 % ) during the first 100 days of Trump ’s presidency included one of his tweets . Another element measured in the study was whether statements from the journalist or statements cited in a story gave an overall positive
was almost double the rate among white teens and more than five times as high as the rate among Asians and Pacific Islanders
, while as many as 35 % of Millennials and 23 % of Gen Xers do not identify with any organized religion . Over the past seven years , the share of the U.S. population that does not identify with an organized religion has grown since 2007 . Much of this change has occurred due to generational replacement ; the youngest adults who are aging into the
. Another 42 % say they heard a little about this , while 31 % say they heard nothing at all . Women were more likely than men to say they heard a lot about this story ( 31 % vs. 22 % ) . About as many (
important priority – alternative energy sources , such as wind or solar , or expanding production of oil , coal and natural gas – 48 % of those 65 and older favor alternative energy , compared with 74 % of those under the age of 30 .
by 2050 . Its projected population of 1.6 billion will be almost equal to the populations of the U.S. and China combined
full of surprises and many of them unpleasant . Absent a surprise , so far , public opinion on Obama is running ahead of George
the principle concern in Germany . Apprehension about economic mobility and inequality is also widespread . Across the eight nations polled , a median of 66 % , including 90 % of the French , think children today will be worse off financially than their parents when they grow up . A median of 77 % believe that the economic system generally favors the wealthy . This includes 95 % of the Greeks , 89 % of the Spanish and 86 % of the Italians . A median of 60 % think the gap between the rich
less religious than U.S. society as a whole , a recent Pew Research Center survey found . About half ( 51 % ) declare any religious affiliation at all , versus close to eight -
largely disapprove of the law across levels of educational attainment , but views of the government ’s role in ensuring health care coverage vary widely by education .
. Among those who say they have discussed these topics with their children , 70 % say they raised the
from mid-2010 to 2013 , a larger gap between emigrants and migrants than during the entire decades of the 1970s , 1980s or 1990s . This escalated loss of migrants fueled
, and 54 % say that it would be “ somewhat ” or “ very ” difficult to find the tools and strategies that would enhance their privacy online and when using cellphones , according to
be more cautious in “ the kinds of things he says and tweets ” once he becomes president .
report having a disability . Disabled Americans were also more likely to follow the campaign closely than those without a disability . These findings are from the Center ’s American Trends Panel , which found that 22 % of American adults self - reported living with a disability in 2016 , defined as a “ health
Young adults – those younger than 35 – continue to be the most likely of all age groups to rent . In 2016 , 65 % of households headed by people younger than 35 were renting
while just 32 % say the economy is good . In 2013 , the balance of opinion was reversed : a 59%-majority thought the country was in good shape economically , while 41 % said the economy was
older people ( 65 % ) , poor people ( 62 % ) and the middle class ( 61 % ) . By
reasons for this are many and are often linked to mixed backgrounds , limited contact with Hispanic relatives and few Hispanic cultural links , according to a follow - up open - ended question . For example , some 27 % said they do not consider themselves Hispanic because they have a mixed Hispanic and non - Hispanic background or that their Hispanic ancestry is too distant . Another 16 % said they
be Facebook friends with their parents than non - parents , 53 % vs. 40 % . They also
– there are now 69 Catholic Republicans and 68 Catholic Democrats in the House of Representatives – the new balance is a departure from the previous three Congresses ( 2009 - 2014 ) . Indeed , just six years ago , there were more than
, announced on The Daily Show before giving a formal speech . ) In that election cycle , twice as many Republican candidates ( eight ) made their announcements through a TV or radio appearance than did through formal speeches ( four ) . And this was not simply “ dark horse ” candidates looking for a gimmick : former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani announced on Larry King Live , and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee announced on NBC ’s Meet the Press . Two GOP
of users . The median Twitter user produces two tweets per month , according to a 2019 study . However , among the most prolific tweeters – defined as those in the top 10 % in the number of tweets they send –
economic future . Across the nine African nations polled , a median of 60 % say they expect their country ’s economy to improve over the next 12 months , the highest of any region . A median of 56 % believe children
it was OK for people to use their phones while walking down the street , riding public transit or waiting in line , but far fewer found it acceptable to
registered voters say Trump would make a terrible president . That is by far
. Parents are keeping a close eye on their teen ’s digital life , but few do so by tech - based means . Roughly six - in - ten parents say they have either checked which websites their teen has visited or looked at their teen ’s social media profile . And about half say
the world ’s leading superpower . Americans , on the other hand , were split . About half ( 48 % ) believed China would never surpass the U.S. as the world ’s leading superpower , while 46 % said that China would eventually replace the
as a group are disproportionately old and poor . The median age of non - internet users is 59 , and 25 % report having household incomes under $ 20,000 per year . It is not , however , simply a question of money or age . Non - internet users do not have very positive attitudes about information
in - ten Kenyans ( 68 % ) who own a cell phone say they regularly use their mobile device to make or receive payments . Half in Uganda say this as well . Meanwhile , even though only 29 % of mobile owners in South Africa and 24 % in Senegal say they use their phones for monetary transactions , these are still among the highest percentages
37 % remain opposed , according to Pew Research Center ’s March poll . A decade ago , the balance of opinion was reversed
capital , Baghdad – seemed to confirm widespread fears in the Middle East that violence in Syria would spill over into neighboring states . Middle East worries about spreading violence and a possible triumph by extremists in Syria have been evident in Pew Research surveys the past two years . A 2013 poll found that roughly three - quarters or more of the public in Lebanon , Tunisia , Jordan , Israel , Egypt and the Palestinian territories were concerned that the ongoing Syrian conflict would destabilize nearby countries . ( The Pew Research Center did
fourths ( 76 % ) of Latinos ages 18 and older use cell phones ; this number is 86 % among non - Latinos.9 The same is true with regard to internet use , despite marked gains
Report ( 33 years ) . This is much younger than for other television news shows , both on cable and broadcast networks , including the network evening news programs and cable news shows like O’Reilly , Anderson
11.1 million unauthorized immigrants are of Hispanic origin ( Passel and Cohn , 2010 ) . A new national survey by the Pew Hispanic Center , a project of the Pew Research Center , finds that Latinos are divided over what to
on the overall favorability measure . More than six - in - ten Republicans ( 63 % ) give China an unfavorable rating , compared with 51 % of independents and 50 % of Democrats . Negative assessments
views of the United Nations , the EU and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) . Roughly two - thirds of Europeans have a favorable view of the UN , compared with roughly four - in - ten Greeks ( 41 % ) .
who are not working for pay spend more time , on average , on child care and housework than
, as a threat . When asked how serious of a danger Pakistan poses for India , about three - quarters in India ( 76 % ) say Pakistan
along political lines . Republicans generally see an economy that is thriving ; 56 % judge it as excellent or good . Democrats and independents see it much more negatively ;
and regulations to protect the environment . ” This represents a decline of 17 points since 2009 and a fall of nearly 40 points , from 86 % , since 1992 . The partisan gap over this measure was modest
with the growth in their working - age ( ages 16 and older ) populations . The slower rate of jobs growth for whites and blacks reflects the relatively slow growth in their populations . Thus , the share of each group ’s population that is
that number ( 38 % ) followed news about the aftermath of the Jan. 8 Arizona shooting rampage most closely last week , according to the latest News Interest Index survey conducted Jan. 27 - 30 among 1,007 adults . For its part , the media devoted more attention to news about unrest in the Middle East ( 20
stood out for their lower birth rates and graying of their citizens since the mid-20th century , when the United Nations first recorded this data . The biggest gap occurred during 1970 - 1975 , when the group of leading industrial nations was established . At that time , the global fertility rate was 4.47 projected
Around a quarter of white adults ( 23 % ) said the same . Still , majorities in all three groups said they need to take breaks from this news from time to time ( 76 % of white , 63
, Catholics are made up of fewer non - Hispanic whites ( 59 % vs. 66 % ) and blacks ( 3 % vs. 12 % )
fellow countrymen ( 35 % do so ) than are the residents of Great Britain ( 29 % ) , the Netherlands ( 26 % ) and Poland (
Bernie Sanders ( 13 % ) , Tulsi Gabbard ( 11 % ) and the other candidates . Republicans were slightly more likely than Democrats to say Biden had received the worst news coverage ( 31 % vs. 25 % ) . As for which Democratic candidate had received the best news coverage , the largest share of Americans pointed to Sanders ( 39 % ) . Considerably smaller shares said this about Bloomberg ( 24 % ) , Pete
than their fair share . Just 5 % believe they pay less than their fair share . Currently those in higher income families are more likely than those in lower income families to feel they are paying more than their fair share . About half ( 52 % ) of those
it relates to a rising China , attitudes diverge the other way . Germans are about twice as likely to say they prefer a close relationship to the U.S. over China ( 50 % to 24 % ) , while Americans are almost equally divided ( 41 % prefer
( 52 % ) say Barack Obama ’s expression of support for gay marriage did not affect their opinion of
public is skeptical that the current state of affairs in Brasília , the capital , will change for the better anytime soon . About four - in - ten Brazilians ( 42 % ) believe the political instability will get worse in the next five years , 29 % say
found , Democrats ’ preferences for the nomination are divided . Asked an open - ended question about their first choice for the nomination ,
desperate . Conflicts in the Middle East , Africa and elsewhere are driving hundreds of thousands of refugees to Europe , creating a humanitarian crisis that European leaders have been struggling to manage . Pope Francis has called on Europe ’s Catholics to do
% say their greater concern about military action is that the U.S. will go too far getting involved in the situation . Fewer ( 32 % )
in - ten Americans ( 61 % ) say the higher education system in the United States is going in
to 1.1 million , making it the seventh most commonly spoken non - English language in the U.S. Meanwhile , the number who speak
key platform for both younger and older kids . Fully 89 % of parents of a child age 5 to 11 say their child watches videos on YouTube , as do 81 % of those who have a child age 3
, half ( 53 % ) are proficient English speakers – either speaking English very
- alone Twitter question in November 2010 , the 15 % of online adults who use Twitter as of early 2012 is similar to the 13 % of such adults who did so in May 2011 . At the same time , the proportion of online adults who use Twitter on a typical day has doubled since May 2011 and has quadrupled
2019 . Given the option , 74 % of U.S. adults say it is more important to be able to “ keep things about themselves from being searchable online , ”
of the population practices Islam , about nine - in - ten adults or more rated both Muslims and Christians favorably . Similar positivity appeared in Lebanon , with roughly three - quarters or more giving positive reviews to Christian , Sunni and Shiite religious groups . Bigger divisions appear in three of the other surveyed countries that were asked about various religious groups . Favorable views of Sunni Muslims outpaced
comes to giving women equal rights with men . Assessments of the country ’s progress vary by gender and political party . Women ( 64 % ) are more likely than men ( 49 % ) to say that the country has n’t made enough
’s southern border . But views on this question break sharply along party lines . Three - in - four Democrats ( 75 % ) say the U.S. government has done a bad job , while about half of Republicans ( 55 % ) say the government has done a good
considering the broader question of whether it is possible to reduce environmental regulations while protecting the environment , there is a strong divide in public opinion . About half ( 49 % ) of the public says it is possible to cut back on environmental
has increased in recent years , it has been accompanied by a contentious political debate over the rights of the estimated 0.6 % of U.S. adults who identify as transgender – in particular , which public restrooms they should legally be allowed to enter . About half of U.S. adults ( 51 % ) say transgender individuals should be allowed to use public restrooms that correspond with the gender they currently identify with , according to a new Pew Research Center survey . But nearly as many ( 46 % ) take the opposite position – on the side of the North Carolina law – and say transgender people should be required to use bathrooms that match the gender they were born into . Religion , age , gender
38 % say it never does . Teens across a range of demographic groups respond in similar ways to these questions about their cellphone use . However , teens ages 15 to 17 are particularly likely to say they check for messages as soon as they wake up – 49 % say they often do this , compared with 37 % of teens ages 13 to 14
ban while in France an even larger majority — 78 % — did so . But in Great Britain , a solid majority ( 62 % ) thought the banning of scarves was a bad idea . Opinion was more evenly divided in Spain , where 43 % said the ban is a good idea and 48
as well . Roughly one - quarter of social media users ages 50 and older have used these platforms to look for work or to let their friends know about job openings , and
years ago . Those saying religion is more important ranges from 7 % in Spain and 8 % in Japan to 83 % in Indonesia and 65 % in Nigeria . But overall ,
will be about the same . Within nearly all major demographic and political groups , more say life will be worse for future generations than say it will be better . Younger adults are somewhat more likely than older adults to say life will be better for future generations . A third of those ages 18 to 29 say this , compared with about a quarter of those ages 30 to 49 ( 24 % ) and
that this statement describes them very well : “ When I get a new electronic device , I usually need someone else to set it up or show me how to use it .
Current Population Survey ’s March 2014 Annual Social and Economic Supplement . About 14 % of the general U.S. population is
ultimately do not change much . Positive views of the economy are up 34 percentage points since the early days of the global financial crisis in 2009 . Nonetheless , in 2018 just 44 % say the current economic situation in Japan is good , while 55 % believe conditions are bad . Four - in - ten Japanese ( 41 % ) think average people today are worse off financially than they were 20 years ago . Just 26 % say they are better off . At the same time , only 15 % of the public believes that children today in Japan will grow up to be better off financially than their
, which is 10 percentage points lower than the share who did so in January 2017 ( 87 % ) but not statistically different from the ratings recorded in January or September 2018 . ( Even though the 2018 and 2020 surveys produced different estimates of the share of Catholics who view Pope Francis favorably , the differences between the current survey and each of the surveys conducted in 2018 do
a Pew Research survey conducted earlier this month . About as many Hispanics support the current system for deciding immigration cases as do those expediting the process ( 49 % – 47 % ) , which would have the effect of speeding up deportations . The split among Hispanics is in contrast to views of the overall public , which backs a faster process over the current policy by 53 % to 39 % .
bad , while 36 % say the news is mostly bad . This is the first time since May that significantly more view news about the economy as mixed than mostly bad . As has been the case for the past three years , very few people ( 6 % currently ) say the news they are hearing about the economy is
to a new Pew Research Center survey . While overall views on this question are little changed in recent years , the partisan divide has grown . For the first time since the Center first asked the question in 2014 , a clear majority of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 57 % ) now say the economic system is generally fair to most Americans . As recently as the spring
to new Pew Research Center estimates based on the latest available data . This number
that it does . Citizens in the European Union and North America are most likely to hold this negative view . In Asia , publics are very divided on this issue , as are those in the Middle East . People in Africa
last year . Six - in - ten or more also believe financial institutions ( 62 % ) , the media ( 62 % ) and corporations ( 60 % ) have a good influence on the way things are going in Tunisia . Roughly half ( 52 % ) of Tunisians give the national government high marks , while just 41 % rate the government negatively . Prime Minister Jomaa , the leader of the current caretaker government , receives some of the highest support . Roughly three - quarters of Tunisians ( 77 % ) believe he has a good influence on the country . Just 15 % give Jomaa negative ratings . People have more
U.S. succeeded in Iraq among Democrats . Only 18 % of liberal Democrats say the U.S. mostly succeeded in achieving its goals , compared with
variety of economic issues : 83 % said China ’s growing economy is a good thing for their country , while a comparable share ( 82 % ) said Chinese investment is a good
for Excellence in Journalism , the percentage of news stories devoted to the war has sharply declined since last year , dropping from an average of
working people , while more expressed concern about the power of unions . In April 2009 , 61 % agreed with the statement “ labor unions are necessary to protect the working person , ” down from 68 % in 2007
widespread opposition to internet censorship in emerging and developing nations . Majorities in 22 of 24 countries surveyed say it is important that people have access to the internet without government censorship . In 12 nations , at least
Today , 58 % of Americans view Clinton favorably , while 38 % have an unfavorable opinion . George W. Bush , by contrast , is viewed more negatively than positively ( 44 % favorable , 52 % unfavorable ) . Though views of Bill Clinton remain in positive territory , they have declined 10 points since 2012 . In particular , Clinton is now viewed far less favorably by Republicans and Republican leaners than he was in September 2012 ( just 28
, compared with 53 % of suburban whites and 54 % of rural whites . And among blacks , those living in suburban areas are somewhat more likely to be married ( 32 % ) than those living in rural ( 27 % ) or
In Western European countries , confidence in the U.S. president has declined sharply . Clear majorities in the United Kingdom , France and Germany had at least some confidence in Obama , with shares reaching 93 % in Germany at the start of his presidency . ( German confidence declined somewhat in 2014 after allegations the U.S. National Security Agency eavesdropped on Chancellor Angela Merkel , though it rebounded when the German investigation was later dropped . ) Current Trump confidence ratings in these countries are similar to
Barack Obama ’s presidency , when a median of 64 % expressed confidence in Trump ’s predecessor to direct America ’s role in the world . The sharp decline in how much global publics trust the U.S. president on the world stage is especially pronounced among some of America ’s closest allies in Europe and Asia , as well as neighboring Mexico and Canada . Across the 37 nations polled , Trump gets higher marks than Obama in only two countries : Russia and Israel . In countries where confidence in the U.S. president fell most , America ’s overall image has also tended
prevalent in the U.S. and among EU nations — more than seven - in - ten in France , Spain and Britain , and somewhat smaller majorities in Poland , the U.S. and Germany , think China generally ignores their interests .
Iraq very closely , but only 7 % listed this as their top story of the week . The national news media devoted a mere 1 % of its overall coverage to the Iraq war last week . Bush ’s trip to the Middle East drew modest public interest :
say they equally use a cellphone or a desktop , laptop or tablet computer when going online , up from 12 % six years prior . Smartphone users ’ preferred method of going online varies significantly by age . While 60 % of smartphone owners ages 18 to 29 and roughly half of those ages 30 to 49 say they mostly use their cellphone to use the internet , those shares fall to about one - third or less among those ages 50 and older . On the other hand , smartphone users ages 50
reacted strongly to the White House ’s new occupant and his policies . Confidence in the U.S. president plummeted in many countries , particularly in Western Europe , while opinions of America itself also declined sharply . In the U.S. , already - wide partisan gaps on fundamental political values grew even
the degree to which women consider themselves feminist differs substantially by age , education and political party , according to the survey . Majorities of women across age groups say “ feminist ” describes them at least somewhat well , but those ages 50 to 64 are the least likely to
non - internet users ) finds 69 % go online daily . Similarly , there is a 10 - point difference in the percentage of people who report having sent an email or text message to a friend or relative yesterday ( 79 % among the Web sample vs. 69 % among the full sample ) . There is also a 10 - point difference in reported ownership of a laptop or desktop computer ( 90 %
) , according to the 2017 survey . Meanwhile , 49 % play adventure games , 42 % play shooter games , 39 % play role - playing games , 33 % play team sport or racing games and 32 % play simulation games . Women who often or sometimes play video games are more likely than men to
control very closely . That compares with just 23 % who say they are very closely following news about debate over immigration policy . Among this week ’s stories , only military threats made by North Korea and its plan to restart a nuclear reactor drew about as much interest ( 36 % very closely ) . Since the start of the year ,
top stories last week in terms of both public interest and media coverage . About a third of Americans ( 34 % ) say they followed news about the condition of the U.S. economy more closely than any other story last week , according to the latest News
comes to the potential impact that more Americans owning guns would have on crime in the U.S. Comparable shares say that if more Americans owned guns , there would
the economy accounting for 16 % of the newshole and Obama ’s troop announcement accounting for 14 % , according to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ) . PEJ noted that the long - running war has received only modest coverage in recent years , though media attention generally increases when war developments – such as a shift in strategy or military leadership – take place
proficiently , according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data . In 2013 , this group made up 68 % of all Hispanics ages 5 and older , up from 59 % in 2000 . At the same time that the share of Latinos who speak English proficiently is growing , the
Americans continue to broadly support a pathway to legal status for people in this country illegally . About as many disapprove ( 50 % ) as approve ( 46 % ) of Obama ’s action , which could make up to 4 million people newly eligible for deportation relief
? On the one hand , the demographics of the state ’s Hispanic population are growing more diverse . In 2014 , Cubans made up a smaller share ( 31 % ) of Hispanic eligible voters – adult U.S. citizens – in Florida than they did in 1990 ( 46 % ) . Meanwhile , over the same period , Puerto Ricans
parents with at least some work experience , mothers with children under age 18 were about three times as likely as fathers to say that being a working parent made it harder for them to advance
or second - best ( 18 % ) , while 43 % cite Reagan ( 34 % as best , 9 % as second - best ) . Just 23
Democrats are more definite about their general election preferences than are Republicans : 73 % of Democratic and Democratic - leaning voters say they will definitely vote for the party ’s nominee , while 59 % of Republican and Republican - leaning voters say they will definitely vote for Trump . The survey was conducted before Trump ’s Senate impeachment trial . ( See this report for views of
( 62 % in the 2003 Values survey ) , the numbers of blacks expressing those views are much larger ( 72 % and 80%)—a differential
Independents also view the Republican Party less favorably ; 29 % today , compared with 37 % six months
on TV . About one - in - eight ( 12 % ) say their primary place of worship has not done this , while the remainder say they do n’t know ( 5 % ) . More than eight - in - ten churchgoing Christians say their primary church offers streaming or recorded services online or on TV , including roughly nine - in - ten evangelical ( 92 % ) and mainline
positive rating , compared with just 39 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents . This 26 percentage point difference is the
, while 24 % said they were hearing mostly bad economic news . Just as in the latest survey , 11 % said they were hearing mostly good news . Public perceptions of the tone of economic news are not much different than they were one year ago . Now , though , the number hearing mostly good news – while still small – is double what it was last April ( 11 % vs. 5 % ) . Views of economic news turned much more negative last August , amid fears that the economy could be slipping back into recession . At that point , 67 % said they were hearing mostly
talking about politics . Yet the share of adults who say their family is OK with political discussions decreases among those who say there is less agreement
health care costs ( 53 % ) and the price of food and consumer goods ( 48 % ) have a major impact . By contrast , just 22 % say the federal budget deficit affects their finances a lot and 21 % say the same about “ how the stock market is doing . ” Among members of both parties
the Pew Research Center for the People & amp ; the Press , conducted Dec. 1 - 16 among 2,000 Americans , finds a continuing decline in public perceptions of the situation in Iraq . Just half see the military effort in Iraq going very or fairly well , while nearly as many ( 46
20 % just eight years earlier . That “ effective delinquency rate , ” which excludes people who are n’t yet on the hook to start repaying their loans , has risen among all age groups but is highest among borrowers younger than
in Taiwan identify as just Taiwanese . On the other hand , about three - in - ten ( 28 % ) see themselves as both Taiwanese and Chinese . The question asks respondents whether they consider themselves Taiwanese , Chinese or both . A mere 4 % see themselves as only Chinese . These findings are consistent with other polls showing that people in Taiwan increasingly identify only as Taiwanese as opposed to both Taiwanese and Chinese
in most major countries around the world , and they are used for much more than just phone calls . In particular , text
their defense spending . Only around one - in - ten ( 9 % ) say European allies should decrease their defense spending . Germans are more divided . Around four - in - ten
% shortly before the 2016 presidential election . The average share of Republicans expressing trust in the federal government increased to 25 % in April 2017 and currently stands at 28 % . Today , just 12 % of Democrats trust the federal government to do what is right – an historic low . Prior to Trump ’s inauguration , the lowest average share of Democrats saying they trusted the government always or most of the time over
made a phone call over the Internet . This figure includes people who may have used VoIP at work or perhaps have downloaded free software that permits phone calls between Internet - connected computers .
, although prior to the 2003 Iraq War , opinions of the U.S. were on balance less negative . Seven - in - ten Turks have a negative opinion of NATO , whose members include most EU countries as well as the U.S. and Canada . Dislike for NATO is particularly intense , with 53 % of Turks saying they have
territories , Egypt , Jordan , and Pakistan thought worse of America . This negative impression of the U.S. coincides with less than stellar views of President Obama . Only about a third of Greeks ( 35 % ) have confidence in the
ten women without a four - year college degree ( 42 % ) say a woman has the best chance of success in politics if she has children early ; 57 % of women with a bachelor ’s degree or higher say this . About one - third ( 32 % ) of less educated women , compared with 21 % of college graduates , say a woman who wants to reach high political office should wait until she is well established in her career to have children . Women who are mothers themselves have somewhat different views on this than women who do n’t have young children . Mothers of children younger than 18 are more likely than other women
debate over home - sharing services : 22 % of Americans have heard something about this issue , with just 6 % indicating that they have heard “ a lot ” about it . Even users of home - sharing services themselves are not following this issue particularly closely : Just 19 % of home - sharing users have heard “ a lot ” about it , while 37 % have heard “ a little . ” But although home - sharing users have not been following the legal debate over these services with nearly the same intensity as their ride
support the views of conservatives over liberals . The view that major technology companies are more supportive of certain political views is particularly widespread among Republicans . Some 64 % of Republicans ( including Republican - leaning independents ) say major technology companies support the views of liberals over conservatives , and just 28 % say these companies support the views of liberals and conservatives equally . By contrast , 28 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners
about the impact of unauthorized immigrants on the Hispanic community with 55 % saying their impact is positive . By contrast , opinions are split among English - dominant Hispanics—31 % see a positive effect of unauthorized immigration , 30 % see a negative effect and 33 % say there is no impact one way or the other . Educational attainment is also linked to views of unauthorized immigration ’s effect on Latinos already living in the U.S. Half ( 52 % ) of Latinos who have less than a high school diploma and half ( 48 % ) of Latinos who are high school graduates
Currently , 49 % of Americans say it is more important to protect the right of Americans to own guns , while 46 % say it is more important to control gun ownership . In September 2010 , 50 % prioritized gun control , 46 % gun rights . In this regard , there is no sign that the longer trend toward
nations in terms of disposable ( after - tax ) household income , with the exception of Luxembourg . Middle - income households in Luxembourg lived on $ 71,799 annually in 2010 , at the median , followed by $ 60,884 in the U.S. The middle class in Italy lived on a median income of $ 35,608 , the most modest means among the countries analyzed . But lower - income Americans
mobile devices , Twitter users are more likely to consume news and information on these devices as well . For many Twitter users , learning about and sharing relevant and recent nuggets of information is a primary utility of the service . While Twitter users are just as likely as others to consume news on any given day , they are more likely to consume it on mobile devices and less likely to engage with news
10 % excellent , 39 % good . The public also gives the press higher grades for its Smith coverage than for its reporting on the 2008 presidential campaign and on the mounting tensions between Iran and the U.S. Roughly half of those following each story
, according to a September survey . In August 2011 , half ( 49 % ) of Republican voters viewed the GOP presidential field positively ; in October 2007 , it was similar ( 50 %
in - ten say they have heard a lot about Mrs. Obama , up from 21 % just three weeks ago . By contrast , just 54 % have heard at least a little about Cindy McCain , including only 9 % who have heard a lot about her . News coverage of Michelle Obama has far outweighed that of Cindy McCain . According to the Pew Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s Campaign Coverage Index , from Jan. 1 through June 15 of this year , Obama appeared as a significant newsmaker in 102 stories . Cindy McCain has appeared in
similar to the 2.1 % annual growth between 2010 and 2015 , but down from annual growth of more than 3 % in earlier
made the economy worse ; 26 % say Trump ’s policies have not had much of an effect . However , optimism that conditions would improve was relatively high eight years ago . Today , public outlook for the economy a year from now is mixed : Currently , 29 % of Americans say conditions will be better , 26 % worse
% ) say readjusting to civilian life was very or somewhat easy , roughly one - in - four ( 26 % ) say it was at least somewhat difficult . There is a significant gap between pre- and post-9/11 veterans in this regard . About half of post-9/11 veterans ( 47 % ) say it was very or somewhat
was mostly bad . Perceptions of economic news have fluctuated since mid-2009 – along with the ups and downs of an economy struggling to recover . During the first half of 2010 , about two - thirds of the public said they were hearing a mix of good and bad economic news , but then perceptions grew more negative as the recovery stalled . In January , 68 % said they were hearing mixed economic news while just 24 % said the news was mostly bad
control of large swaths of Iraq , 25 % say they are paying very close attention to the growing violence and political instability in Iraq . By comparison , 28 % of Americans surveyed June 26 - 29 say they followed news about problems with care at veterans ’ hospitals very closely and 21 % paid very close attention to news about the
approve , 43 % disapprove ) is somewhat higher than the 43 % rating he received in early April , after the eruption of violence in and around Fallujah , and his 44 % mark in May , following
asked whether it describes Donald Trump . Around the globe , people associate a number of negative characteristics with the U.S. leader . Most say he is arrogant , intolerant and dangerous , while few think of him as well - qualified or as someone who cares
electorate reported voting that year , as did even higher percentages of Boomer and Silent Generation eligible voters . In 2008 Millennials comprised 18 % of the electorate , but as a result of their relatively low turnout
view of professors . Democrats have a broadly positive view of college professors . About two - thirds ( 66 % ) give professors a warm rating , while just 7 % offer a cold rating and 24 % express a neutral view . Liberal Democrats are more likely than conservative and moderate Democrats to rate professors warmly , though majorities of both groups do so ( 76 % and 56 % , respectively ) . Views among Republicans are much chillier : 43 % give cold ratings to college professors , including about a quarter ( 27 % ) who give a very cold rating . A significantly smaller share of Republicans ( 30 % ) give professors a warm rating , while 25 % take a neutral view . Conservative Republicans are especially likely to give very ( 31 % )
and Republican leaners ( 83 % ) say it is important to increase the number of judges handling asylum cases . However , a larger share of Democrats ( 58 % ) than Republicans ( 45 % ) rate this as very important . On other dimensions as
% ) say they worry a lot or some about being able to pay for their high - speed internet connection over the coming months , compared with 26 % of those with incomes in the middle and just 9 % of those in the high - income tier
90 ) ; about four - in - ten in the two older generations name Reagan ( 42 % of Boomers , 38 % of Silents ) . But within both generations
a federal database to track all gun sales and a ban on assault style weapons . Currently 66 % support a
about five new deaths per day . That figure has declined by about 40 % overall to roughly three new deaths per day as of last week . The decline of deaths in Democratic districts has outpaced the national average , decreasing from an average of more than seven new deaths per day in mid - April to about four new deaths per day in the second half of May. During
. The share of voters younger than 30 who are following campaign news very closely is roughly half what it was at this point four years ago ( 18 % , down from 35 % ) . Just
% ) see U.S. military bases in Germany as important for U.S. national security , but fewer Germans ( 52 % ) see these bases as important for their own national security . More than half of Americans ( 56 % ) see these bases as very important to U.S.
met . Most of those who support legal status think there should be a way for unauthorized immigrants to become citizens ( 43 % overall ) , while 24 % say the path should only include permanent residency . About eight - in - ten ( 83 % ) Democrats favor a pathway to legal status compared with 53 % of Republicans .
in - ten Americans say it is the federal government ’s responsibility to make sure all Americans have health care coverage , including 31 % who support a “ single payer ” approach to health insurance , according to a new national survey by Pew Research Center . These views are little changed from last year , but the share saying health care coverage is a government responsibility remains significantly higher than it was from
Today , 31 % of women who are married or cohabiting are contributing at least half of the couple ’s total earnings ( including 28 % who earn more than their husband or partner and 3 % who earn about the same amount ) . In 69 %
only are somewhat more likely than those with home broadband , by a 34 % to 30 % margin , to use a library ’s Wi - Fi , computers or internet connections to get online . Similarly , for those who engage in personal learning activities , the smartphone - only are more likely to do this at a high school , college or community college than those with broadband at home ( by a 40 % to 24
, the percentage of the public that is looking forward to this fall ’s midterm election is about the same today ( 51 % ) as it was in January 2010
dream – was cited by 33 % of Hispanics as an extremely important life goal for them . Other top goals for Hispanics included having a successful marriage ( 30 % ) and being successful in a high - paying career or profession (
black and white people . About nine - in - ten Americans ( 91 % ) say that conflicts between the party coalitions are either strong or very strong , according to a Pew Research Center survey in January .
by a genuine desire to hold police accountable for their actions . Here as elsewhere , police officers ’ views differed by race : Only about a quarter of white officers ( 27 % ) but around six - in - ten of their black colleagues ( 57 % )
say female leaders surpass men in being honest and ethical , working to improve quality of life for Americans , standing up for their beliefs despite political pressure , and being persuasive . The survey also asked about gender differences among leaders on various policy issues , and found less - pronounced differences among male and female respondents
% ) to say the priority should be a path to citizenship for immigrants who are in the U.S. illegally . About as many Latinos as the general public ( 46 % versus 43 % ) say equal priority should be given to enforcement and legalization . Just 10 % of Latinos
Europeans overwhelmingly believe that the European Union is doing a poor job of handling the refugee crisis . Majorities in every country surveyed say they disapprove of how
Europeans tend to value the role of the state to ensure no one in society is in need . Nearly six - in - ten in the U.S. ( 58 %
of the Muslim publics surveyed express concerns about Islamic extremism in their country . Senegalese Muslims are the most worried ( 75 % concerned ) , but at least six - in
major problem in the country . And at least two - thirds also say a lack of employment opportunities and the gap between the rich and the poor are very big problems . In addition to economic concerns , large majorities also describe crime ( 83 % ) , health care ( 83 % ) , political corruption ( 78 % ) and
they had unfavorable opinions about them . That was the highest favorability rating since 2007 , though still below the 63 % who said they were favorably disposed toward unions in 2001 . In a separate 2012 survey , 64 %
several mainstream television outlets rise to the top . CNN , ABC , NBC , CBS and Fox News are all trusted by more than four - in - ten web - using U.S. adults . These high numbers , though , are intertwined with the fact that more than nine - in - ten respondents have heard of these five news sources . Trust and distrust were only asked of sources respondents
- age adults since the 1980s . The reasons for the decline are not well understood . Recent research indicates that the rise of dual - career households , the decline in middle - skill jobs , occupational licensing and the need for employees to retain health insurance can not account for much of the decline in job - switching . The trend is different among less - educated young adults . For example , among Millennials with a high school education , 70 % of men and 69 % of women had been with their employer at least 13
Sixty - four percent of Pakistanis have a favorable opinion of the Prime Minister , unchanged from the 66 % who expressed this view in a survey conducted weeks
9 % of Americans , this was the story they followed most closely . The significant amount of coverage devoted to the president ’s unannounced visit to Iraq and discussions leading up to the Iraq progress report from Gen. David Petraeus contributed to the story ’s prominence in the news .
of State data . Recipients of these special visas served as interpreters or translators or performed other key jobs in Afghanistan or Iraq for the U.S. government and in doing so put themselves and their families in danger . More than two - thirds of special immigrant visas have gone to Afghans ( 48,601 ) since fiscal 2007 – the first year visas were awarded under the programs – while Iraqis have received 21,961 such visas . Totals
well in preparing people for good jobs in today ’s economy . The change in Republicans ’ views of the effect colleges and universities have on the country is striking . Currently , 58 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents say colleges and universities have a negative effect on the way things are going in the country
In the current Congress , 20 % of senators and 19 % of representatives had prior military service , down drastically from just a few decades ago . The share of senators who are veterans reached a post - Korean War peak of 81 % in 1975
usage is much more prevalent , with 77 % of the population owning a mobile device . About half of Indians who own a cell phone use them to send text messages , but only 37 % use the devices to take pictures
second - fastest - growing racial or ethnic group after Asian Americans . Hispanics made up 18 % of the U.S. population in 2019 ,
the United States and Cuba moved this week to end more than 50 years of diplomatic conflict , public support for re - establishing relations with Cuba has increased . There is equally broad , and growing , support for ending the U.S. trade embargo against Cuba . In addition , a separate survey released today finds
60 % ) and Bush voters ( 59 % ) said they would gain influence ; by contrast , 47 % of Gore voters and nearly as many Democrats
, which is little changed over the past two years but up 17 points since 2007 . Television remains the most widely used source for national and international news – 66 % of Americans say it is their main source of news – but that is down from 74 % three years ago and 82 % as recently as 2002 . The national survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & amp ; the Press , conducted Dec. 1 - 5 , 2010 among
Muslim . The religious shares of Indian Americans are markedly different from those of India itself ( where an estimated 79.5 % of the population is Hindu and only 2.5 % is Christian , according to Pew Research ’s 2012 Global Religious Landscape report ) , reflecting
9 % decline . Three - quarters of this population loss has taken place since 2010 . Puerto Rico ’s population declined by 7 % from 2010 to 2015 , compared with a 2 % loss from 2000 to 2010 . Population growth was once the norm in Puerto Rico . The island ’s population grew by 10 % from 1980 to 1990 , and by 8 % from 1990 to 2000 . But as the effects of a
Turkey , while 44 % are satisfied . Dissatisfaction has grown since 2013 , when 48 % were unhappy with the state of the nation . However , it is important to note that from
, compared with 17 % for the protests , according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey , conducted Oct. 6 - 9 among 1,000 adults by the Pew Research Center for the People & amp ; the Press . News about the spreading anti - Wall Street protests accounted for 7 % of coverage , nearly four times the level of coverage one week earlier , according to an analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ
not lean to a party view the Democratic Party favorably , while about as many ( 9 % ) have a favorable view of the GOP .
modern peak reached in 2001 , the year of the September 11 terrorist attacks , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of new hate crimes statistics from the FBI .
children , dads are much more likely than moms to say it ’s not enough . About half ( 48 % ) of working dads say they spend too little
terms of their religion rather than their nationality ; 46 % of Christians in the U.S. see themselves primarily as Christians and the same number consider themselves Americans first . In contrast , majorities of
support for increased nuclear power recorded in September 2005 ( 39 % favor , 53 % oppose
it is acceptable to date or have sex with other people – are viewed as never or rarely acceptable by most Americans . About half of adults ( 48 % ) say having
part - time workers . But evidence suggests that as women enter the responsibilities of parenthood their earnings fall further behind same - aged male counterparts . Several other factors are believed to contribute to the persistence of the gender wage gap , among them the impact of broader family caregiving responsibilities , differences
and lesbians to marry legally also has steadily risen across racial and ethnic groups . Six - in - ten or more whites ( 64 % ) and
similar divide by ideology : Most moderate and liberal Republicans ( 58 % ) support this immigration proposal , while conservative Republicans are split ( 46 % favor , 44 % oppose ) . Republican women are somewhat more likely than men to back this proposal , and Republicans who are college graduates express more support than those who have not graduated from college . While majorities of nearly all Republican groups back substantially expanding the wall along the
think the amount of coverage has been about right and 11 % say there has been too little coverage . By contrast , 43 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners think there has been the right amount of coverage , 29
the Islamist group Boko Haram , roughly eight - in - ten Nigerian Muslims ( 83 % )
2005 ( 29 % approved ) . Like Bush , Obama retains broad support among members of his own party , though the share of Democrats who give him a positive jobs rating has fallen 10 points over the past year ( from 88 % to 78 % ) . Obama ’s
to lag far behind the economy and jobs among the public ’s priorities . This also is true for policy goals related to health care , whether reducing health care costs ( 61 % top priority ) or revising last year ’s health care law ( 56 % ) . The public continues to be divided over what it wants to see done with the health care law – 37 % favor its repeal , while nearly as many ( 35 % ) want the law expanded , and 20 % would leave it as it
25 % ) make up similar shares of the state ’s immigrant eligible voters , while black immigrants ( 21 % ) are
declining since 2013 . That year , the British were evenly split on the issue , with 46 % wanting to stay and 46 % to leave . In this year ’s Pew Research survey , 55 % of Brits say they want to remain in the
54 % express an unfavorable one . A comparable share of the public rates the Democratic Party favorably ( 44 % ) ,
get married , ahead of making a lifelong commitment ( 81 % ) and companionship ( 76 % ) , according to a 2013 Pew Research Center survey . Fewer said having their relationship recognized in a religious ceremony
across immigrant generations . Among the foreign born from Latin America , nearly all self - identify as Hispanic
the Sabbath on Saturdays and some other unique beliefs and practices , traces its origins to the United States in the first half of the 19th century , when preacher William Miller built a religious movement around his prediction that Jesus Christ would return to Earth in 1844 . Since then , the church has transitioned from being seen as a
close attention to news about gas prices , and 27 % said this was the single news story they followed more closely than any other . By comparison , 33 % followed the situation in Iraq very closely , and 23 % listed Iraq as their top news story of the week . Historically , rising gas prices have attracted broad public interest . A year
more Americans now saying the government should do more to help the needy , even if it means going deeper into debt . Today , 58 % of Americans say this , up from
world region by 2100 , a reversal from the 20th century . In 1950 , the region ’s median age was just
some mosquito - borne diseases would be an appropriate use of technology , while about three - in - ten ( 29 % ) see the use of genetic engineering for
English - language ability from one generation of Hispanics to the next emerges from a new analysis of six Pew Hispanic Center surveys conducted this decade among a total of more than 14,000 Latino adults . The surveys show that fewer than one - in - four ( 23 % ) Latino immigrants reports being able to speak English very well . However , fully 88 % of their U.S.-born adult children report that they speak English very well . Among
according to a Pew Research Center survey of U.S. adults conducted June 4 - 10 as part of the American News Pathways project . That compares with 46 % of those ages 30 to 49 , 60 % of those ages 50 to 64 and 74 % of those 65 and older . There is a similar pattern with the coronavirus pandemic . While 75 % of 18- to 29 - year - olds follow that news very or fairly closely , that is less than the
likely as gun control supporters to have contacted a public official about gun policy ( 15 % vs. 8 % ) . By contrast , comparable percentages of gun rights supporters ( 19 % ) and those who prioritize gun control ( 15 % ) say they have expressed their opinion about gun policy on social networks . And about
to act in the best interest of the public . Some 84 % of U.S. adults express confidence in medical scientists ; 24 % say they have a great deal of confidence and six - in - ten ( 60 % ) have a fair amount of confidence in medical scientists to act in
, a total of 7.4 million people who adjusted their status and 5.5 million new arrivals have received lawful permanent residency in the form of a green card . The size of the difference between the two groups has diminished , though , because the number of visas granted to immigrants already in the U.S. has declined in the past decade while the number granted to new arrivals have risen slightly . In the first two quarters of fiscal
( 39 % ) respondents say that U.S. Latinos of different origins share “ a lot ” of values , while another 39 % say U.S. Latinos share “ some ” values and
- ten ( 61 % ) Republican and GOP - leaning registered voters think their party will do better than in recent elections — roughly double the share of Democrats ( 32 % ) who feel similarly about their party ’s chances . This gap has not reached the same levels of the GOP ’s margin
’s abundance of multiracial people with Asian and Native Hawaiian / Pacific Islander heritage differs from the makeup of the nation ’s overall multiracial population ( including adults and
increase from the 70 % of Facebook users who indicated that they visited the site daily in 2015 . Other than this slight uptick among Facebook users , daily engagement for each of the other major social media platforms is generally similar to Pew Research Center findings from 2015 . Instagram and Twitter occupy the middle tier of social media sites in terms of the share of users who log in daily . Roughly half ( 51 % ) of Instagram users access the platform on a daily basis , with 35 % saying they do so several times
any effect ( 51 % ) . Far more conservative and moderate Democrats say a friend voting for Trump would not have any effect ( 73 % ) than say it would put a strain on the friendship
and George W. Bush both suffered through the first year of their second terms . Heading into this year ’s midterm elections , Obama ’s job approval rate may be nothing to brag about , but it is better than Bush ’s was at this point in 2006 and Obama appears to be less of a drag on his
in Russia believe that their country serves as an important counterbalance to the West ( 85 % ) and that Russian values clash with Western values (
Americans ( 24 % ) are below the age of 15 , and 13 % are 60 or
a brave face in the wake of the historic devastation wrought by the March 11 earthquake and tsunami . Fully 58 % of the public believes that Japan will become a stronger
and the EU , as well as his handling of the Russian economy . And 62 % even praise Putin for his performance on corruption . Nearly nine - in - ten ( 88 % ) Russians have confidence in Putin to handle international affairs , including 66 % who have a lot of confidence
. Roughly five months later , the public is again evenly divided over whether in general it is more important to control gun ownership ( 50 % ) or to protect the rights of Americans to own guns ( 48 % ) . This mirrors the close divide in opinion that existed prior to Newtown . ( See Pew Research Center ’s 20 years of public opinion data
of anti - terrorism efforts , while 42 % approve of the program . Democrats are divided on the program , while Republicans and independents are
61 % ) say it is very likely they will watch the debates between Bush and Kerry , which is
shifted noticeably last year in response to the Gulf oil leak . Since last summer , they have shifted again . Currently , 57 % favor allowing more oil and
– Sen. Mazie Hirono , D - Hawaii – in the Senate . These 14 immigrant lawmakers represent just 3 % of all voting members in both chambers , a slight uptick from recent Congresses but substantially below the foreign - born share of Congresses many decades ago . ( For example , about 10 % of members in the first and much smaller Congress of 1789 - 91
approved and 56 % disapproved . Obama also has improved his standing with independent voters in a general election matchup with Mitt Romney . ( For more see , “ Santorum Catches Romney in
, which refer to the kind of business conducted by an employer , immigrants accounted for more than a quarter of workers
half ( 49 % ) of Baby Boomers and 38 % of Gen Xers were married when their generation was ages 18 to 33 . Generational analysis allows for these comparative snapshots , but it also lets researchers track what
79 % ) agree that the term “ patriotic ” describes the typical American very or fairly well , and majorities also view the typical
enough physical exercise ( 71 % ) are very important for improving a person ’s chances of living a long and healthy life .
penalty opponents view it as morally justified . Yet the differences between death penalty supporters and opponents are not as stark when it comes to other opinions about capital punishment . A large majority ( 84 % ) of those who oppose
their progress in the workforce at large . Among adults ages 25 to 64 , women are now more likely than men to have a
been the case throughout Obama ’s presidency , blacks are overwhelmingly positive of his job performance : Currently , 91 % approve of his handling of his job as president . Similarly , the president garners positive
currently doing so but have used them in the past year . Experience with online dating varies substantially by age . While 48 % of 18- to 29 - year - olds say they have ever used a dating site or app , that share is 38 % among 30- to 49 - year - olds , and it is
the following charts show , the differences between dial - up and broadband users persist in our October 2002 data , but they are much smaller for dial - up users with 6 or more years
About as many Republicans say the government does too much for the poor ( 33 % ) as say it does too little ; 27 % say the help the government provides is about right . Democrats and Republicans also differ in their attitudes about the help the government provides to wealthy people . A large majority of Democrats ( 77 % ) say the federal government provides too much help
, including 59 % who say they strongly believe immigrants increase the risk of such attacks . Those who identify with Five Star – which focused less on the immigration issue during the campaign – are more divided and much more in line with the views of the rest of Italian society . Among Five Star supporters , 49 % say immigrants are an economic burden , compared with 40 % who say they make the economy stronger . And while a majority of
83 % ) in 2016 and half of Mexicans ( 49 % ) in 2015 . While Canadians generally have indicated greater confidence in U.S. presidents than Mexicans have , current Trump confidence levels are lower than both countries ’ Bush - era lows . Current Trump confidence ratings in these countries are similar to their respective lows during the George W. Bush years . For example , only 13 % of French respondents had at least
, race or education – saw the accuracy of their estimates from phone surveys either stay level or slightly improve . For example , across the 13 lifestyle , health and demographic questions with high response rate comparisons , the average difference between the Hispanic adult estimate from Pew Research Center phone surveys and the same Hispanic estimate from the benchmark survey was 5.5 percentage points in 2016 as compared with 6.7 in 2012 . The average change in accuracy from 2012 to 2016 was similar for non - Hispanic white . For blacks , however , their phone survey estimates differed from benchmark survey estimates by an average
January 2015 survey , 68 % of Americans expressed a favorable view of NASA , similar to that of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention among the eight federal
its military strength . And as Obama goes into talks with the Chinese president , a 53%-majority say it is very important for the U.S. to get tougher with China on trade and economic issues . Yet while Americans may see China as a problem , relatively few describe it as an adversary , and a 58%-majority say it
much more positive views of colleges and universities than older adults . About half ( 52 % ) of Republicans ages 18 to 29 say colleges and universities have a positive impact on the country
. Some 37 % of Salvadorans are Protestant , and among all Salvadorans , only 5 % are mainline Protestants and 32 % are evangelical Protestants . Some 15 % of Salvadoran adults are religiously unaffiliated . In contrast
think of themselves as Democrats , 25 % as Republicans , and 33 % as independents ( to clarify , some reporters and bloggers incorrectly posted their own calculations of party identification based on unweighted figures ) . That ’s slightly
usually prepares the meals – the same as the share who say they are the primary grocery shopper , according to a Pew Research Center analysis . Some 71 % of moms say they primarily handle both chores . This compares with about two - in - ten fathers in this type of household who say they are the person who usually prepares the meals ( 19 % ) or grocery shops ( 20 % ) . About one - in - ten ( 11 % ) say they are the one who usually does both tasks . Dads are
say the U.S. takes the interests of countries like India into account when it makes foreign policy decisions – the highest percentage among the 21 nations surveyed outside the U.S. This view has become increasingly common among
to reduce the deficit ) . Nearly six - in - ten ( 59 % ) put a higher priority on avoiding any future cuts in benefit amounts than on avoiding Social Security tax increases for workers
given money to an organization that takes a position on gun policy , gun owners are again more likely than non - gun owners to say they have done so . Among gun owners , 28 % say they have ever given money to an organization like this ,
In 2014 , 54 % of American Catholics gave Francis “ excellent ” or “ good ” marks for his handling of the church ’s sex abuse scandal . But in a Pew Research Center poll conducted in September 2018 – shortly after recent reports about sex scandals in
health care debate more closely than any other major news story last week . Another 5 % say they followed news about vandalism and threats directed at Democrats who voted for the legislation most closely , according to the latest News Interest Index survey conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & amp ; the Press among 1,018 adults March 26 - 29 . The news media and the public were on the same page last week . Stories
not last beyond the next five years . Views are most optimistic in Jordan . Fully 80 % expect the war in Syria to end sometime in the next five years , including 32 % who think it will end within the year . Syrians living in Jordan are even more hopeful about the war in their homeland ; 64 % expect it will end
is largely because China ’s large workforce churns out a high volume of low - value products for export to the U.S. , while Germany ’s smaller workforce largely produces high - value products , such as
than 1.2 billion “ monthly active users ” around the world . As of December , the company says 757 million people used the social - networking service on any given day . These days , Facebook ’s strongest growth is coming from overseas . The monthly user base ( defined as those who accessed the site at least once in the previous 30 days ) grew just 4.1 % in the U.S. and Canada last year ,
based on a nationally representative survey conducted in the spring of last year . In the survey , conducted in March and April during the presidential primaries , just 27 % of drop - off voters said they were following the 2016 election very closely , compared with 49 % of consistent voters . And drop - off voters were less
the highest share in any country . In most countries , the share scoring 5.01 or higher was between 15 % and 25 % . For example , in both Norway and France , 19 % of respondents
the last year , compared with 14 % of nonpolitical tweeters and 21 % of infrequent tweeters . Political tweeters are also more likely than the other two
. Currently , 44 % say they expect economic conditions to be better a year from now , up from 34 % last month and 28 % in December . Second , economic optimism has proven fragile in the past . From
based in the Philippines is a good thing for the country , while just 20 % say it is a bad thing . This view holds across demographic groups , and even among those who hold an unfavorable view of the U.S.
- ten ( 28 % ) say they have very little or no confidence at all in the future of the U.S.
of good and bad news about the economy , while 30 % say they are hearing mostly bad news and just 4 % say they are hearing mostly good
% in 1995 to 57 % in 2012 , according to the most recent data available . In that time period the shares that are Hispanic and Asian have grown . WICHE projects that
did 10 years prior ; smaller shares said its global role was as important ( 31 % ) or more important ( 21 % ) than it was a decade before . Republicans have become much more likely to say the U.S. plays a more important role as a world leader today than in the past . Overall , 45 % say the United States ’ global role is more important today than it was a decade ago ; in 2016 , just 15 % of Republicans said this . This shift has been accompanied by a sharp decline in the share of Republicans who think the country ’s
, naturalized citizens made up a slim plurality ( 35 % ) over legal non - citizens ( 33 % ) and unauthorized migrants ( 31 % ) . In 1995 , legal non - citizens had accounted for a near majority ( 47 % ) of the 24 million foreign - born residents who were in the country at the time , compared with 30 % who were naturalized citizens
’s book about his life ; 5 % say this was the news they followed most closely . News about the new book , “ Decision Points , ” made up 4 % of coverage measured by PEJ . About a quarter of Republicans ( 24 % ) say they followed news about the book very closely , compared with 9 % of Democrats and 10 % of independents . Another 15 % say they followed news about proposals to reduce the federal deficit unveiled by the leaders of a presidential panel ; 2
predicting Facebook followers is largely driven by a small number of prominent members in both parties , including Democrat Bernie Sanders of Vermont , Texas Republican Ted Cruz , Massachusetts Democrat Elizabeth Warren , Kentucky Republican Rand Paul , Utah Republican Mike Lee and Minnesota Democrat Al Franken . Sanders , Cruz and Paul all ran for president in 2016 . Arizona Republican John McCain , who had more than 1 million followers , ran for president in
example , most U.S. Catholics say it is at least “ acceptable ” – and many say it is just “ as good as ” any other arrangement – for children to be raised by unmarried parents , gay or lesbian parents , single parents or divorced parents . Majorities also are accepting of a husband and wife who choose not to have children , a man and woman living together romantically without being married , and a
By a comparable margin ( 61 % to 32 % ) , the public says that Donald Trump does not have a clear plan for dealing with the situation
way things are going at home . More than seven - in - ten Chinese citizens ( 72 % ) express satisfaction with their national condition , while fewer than one - in - five ( 19 % ) are dissatisfied . These figures represent a sharp improvement from 2002 , when only 48 % said
4 % who said so in 2016 . This level of trust is much lower than trust in national and local news organizations , and in information coming from friends and family . In fact , in a separate study focusing on science news about twice as many social media users distrust science posts on social media as trust them ( 52 % compared with 26 % , 21 % of social media users do not see any science posts ) . While social media is a common pathway
55 % of Republicans say it is more because they have faced obstacles most others have not , while 42 % say it is more because they have not worked as hard as most
29 % ) , the Netherlands ( 26 % ) and Poland ( 21 % ) . And a scant 12 % of Germans find Americans lacking in politeness . Looking farther around the globe , however , one finds other countries that share Canada ’s reservations with regard to American gentility . (
( 51 % ) of Republican and Republican - leaning registered voters say the candidates are excellent or good , while 44
U.S. Muslims also report a host of positive feelings about life in the U.S. Even as most say that Americans do not view Islam as mainstream , for example , majorities of U.S. Muslims ( 60 % ) say they have “ a lot ” in common with most Americans , and that they can get ahead through hard work ( 70 % ) – a belief that is a key component of the so
the youth voter turnout rate holding steady . According to the Census Bureau report , the turnout rate among 18 - to 24 - year olds fell to 41.2 % in 2012 from 48.5 % in 2008 . ( Most of the post - election analysis of the youth vote focused on 18- to 29 - year - olds
according to recently published government data . The number of federal criminal arrests for immigration offenses surged from 58,031 in fiscal 2017 to 108,667 in fiscal 2018 – an 87 % increase , according to an August report by the Bureau of Justice Statistics ( BJS ) . The 2018 total was considerably higher than
significant increase from 2008 , when only 2 % voiced confidence in then - President Bush . And while most Turks continue to oppose U.S.-led anti - terrorism efforts and most still believe the U.S. could be a military threat
GRI score has been low since we first began measuring it in 2007 , it did tick upwards slightly in 2016 . This recent increase is due in part to derogatory statements made by Winston Peters , leader of the New Zealand First Party , when he said in June 2016 that certain countries “ treat their women like cattle , ” and suggested that all immigrants should be screened for unacceptable attitudes before being permitted to enter the country . Some media reports said he specifically referred to Muslim immigrants , which he denied . New Zealand had “ low
. And almost half of weekly worship attenders say the media are unfriendly toward religion ( 46 % ) , compared with 29 % among those who attend religious services less often . Republicans , evangelicals , black Protestants and weekly churchgoers also stand out compared with other groups for viewing
incumbent sentiment is shared fairly equally among both Democratic and Republican voters . Today , 38 % of those who support the GOP candidate in their district say their own representative does not deserve reelection ; nearly as many Democrats ( 34 % ) share that view . In
home to a disproportionately large share of the nation ’s newsroom employees . About one - in - five newsroom employees ( 22 % ) live in these metro areas , which , by comparison , are
their part , boys are more likely than girls to own gaming consoles and play video games . Data for this report was collected for Pew Research Center . The survey was administered online by the GfK Group using its KnowledgePanel , in English and Spanish , to a nationally representative sample of over 1,060 teens ages 13 to 17 and a parent or guardian from September 25 to October 9 , 2014 and February 10 to March 16 , 2015 . In the fall , 1016 parent - teen pairs were interviewed . The survey was re - opened in the spring and 44 pairs were added to the sample . For more on the methods for this study , please visit the Methods section
cut back environmental regulations and still effectively protect water and air quality ? Some 49 % think it is possible to trim regulations and still protect air and water , while 47
much economic inequality in the country today , but views differ by political party and household income level . Among Republicans and those who lean toward the GOP ,
a third of the public approves of the job Democratic ( 33 %
and is more than double the share who said this in 2019 . While Republicans and Democrats were equally likely to lack confidence in the Chinese leader in 2018 and 2019 , there is a now a partisan gap : Republicans are more likely than Democrats to say they have little or no faith in Xi ( 82 % vs. 75 % ) . Republicans are
average of 3.2 children per woman , compared with 2.5 for Hindus and 2.3 for Christians . Due to these factors , India ’s Muslim community will expand faster than its Hindu population , rising from 14.4 % in 2010 to 18.4 % in 2050 . But , even with this increase , Hindus will make up more than three - in - four Indians ( 76.7 % ) in 2050 . Indeed , the number of Hindus in India will still be larger than the five largest Muslim populations in the world ’s biggest Muslim countries ( India , Pakistan , Indonesia , Nigeria and Bangladesh ) combined . India also has a number of smaller religious minorities . In 2010 , approximately 2.5 % of the
, the Virginia Tech shootings in April , and the Minnesota bridge collapse in August . Nearly half of the public ( 46 % ) listed the California fires as the single news story they followed more closely than any other last week . Comprising 38 % of the national newshole , the wildfires became the second most heavily covered news story of 2007 . Only the Virginia Tech shootings surpassed the
the end of 1982 , unemployment stood at nearly 11 % and 50 % of the public was telling Gallup that it disapproved of how the president was handling his job . Fortunately for Reagan , 1983 saw unemployment begin to decline . By year ’s end , his approval scores began to recover ,
are personally more optimistic about the year ahead than are men . More than half of women ( 55 % ) say that 2008 will be a better year than 2007 , while just 28 % expect the coming year to be worse . Fewer than half of men ( 46 % ) are personally upbeat
just the cellphone sample was 1.22 , which compares with an average of 1.32 using the actual
that Americans like to play , strategy and puzzle games are the most popular among those included in the survey . About six - in - ten adults who say they play video games often or sometimes report that
favorable view of the institution . Ratings of the EU are highest in Poland and Spain , where roughly seven - in - ten have favorable views . About six - in - ten see the EU positively in Germany , the Netherlands , Sweden , France , Italy and Hungary . The UK and Greece
These users are more likely to consider social media an important source of their science news and are evenly divided over whether they mostly
Americans — about six - in - ten believe that kids are better off if a parent stays home to focus on the family , according to
– notably , the freedom of news organizations to criticize political leaders . The survey by Pew Research Center , conducted Feb. 7 - 12 among 1,503 adults , finds that 89 % say fair and open national elections are very important to maintaining a strong democracy , while 83 % say the same about a system of checks and balances dividing power between the president , Congress and the courts . As in past surveys ,
and civic engagement , based on a nationally representative survey conducted in the spring of last year . In the survey , conducted in March and April during the presidential primaries , just 27 % of drop - off voters said they were following the 2016 election very closely , compared with 49 % of consistent voters . And drop -
50 % of residents are racial or ethnic minorities ) are more likely than those who reside in predominately white neighborhoods to say that ride - hailing apps serve neighborhoods that taxis wo n’t visit . Just over half ( 53 % ) of ride - hailing users living in majority - minority communities feel that this statement describes ride - hailing well , compared with 46 % of users living in majority - white neighborhoods . ( Many ride - hailers – about four - in - ten overall – were unsure if this statement described ride - hailing well ) . In sharp contrast to ride
the group ’s political views have been consistent by other measures . For instance , Muslim Americans have strongly favored the Democratic Party for at least a decade . Two - thirds of Muslims (
be able to take leave from work following the birth or adoption of a child , compared with 20 % of Republicans ages 50 to 64 , 10 % of those
exact size is disputed . The Census Bureau estimates there are 1.8 million Arab - Americans in the U.S. , up 51 % since 2000 . But the Arab American Institute Foundation estimates there are nearly 3.7 million Arab
problem , and 54 % say the same about health care . Roughly four - in - ten or fewer are troubled by people leaving for
a 6 - percentage - point difference , roughly half of what it was in 2000 . The share of blacks ages 25 and older with at least a bachelor ’s degree has also trended upward for several decades . In 2015 , nearly a quarter of blacks ages 25 and older ( 23 % ) had at least a bachelor ’s degree
for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) who we surveyed in 2014 said this was generally a good time for their scientific specialty , while 44 % said it was a bad time .
For example , when asked to place themselves on a “ ladder of life , ” where zero represents the worst possible life and 10 the best possible life , fewer than half of Italians ( 48 % ) rate their life at least a seven . On the other hand , in Sweden (
by human activity . Just 52 % of Democrats with less education express this view . Among Republicans , similar percentages of college graduates and those with less education say there is solid evidence of global warming ( 46 % and 51 % , respectively ) . Yet for Republicans , unlike Democrats , higher education is associated with greater skepticism that human activity is causing global warming . Only 19 % of
and 16 % of female users ( and 9 % of men ) say that they spend more time on the site now than they did a year ago .
in - ten American adults say they believe in God or a universal spirit . To be sure , the share of people in the United States who say they believe in the Almighty has dropped a bit recently , from 92 % in 2007 ( when the Center ’s first Religious
- back state population projections published by the state Finance Department . Under projections published in 2007 , the state ’s Hispanic population was expected to reach 31 million in 2050 , or 52.1 % of all Californians . But according to updated projections released late last year , Hispanics are now expected to number 23.7 million in 2050 , or 47.6 % of all Californians
higher educational expectations and attainment . Yet people in countries with higher HDI scores are less likely to say their day has been particularly good . In 2014 , we similarly found that a country ’s GDP per capita was negatively correlated with
13 to 17 ( 57 % ) fear a shooting could happen at their school , and most parents of teens share their concern . Nonwhite teens express greater concern over the possibility of a shooting at their school than white teens , and girls
year for which numbers were available . Among lawful immigrants , those who hold U.S. citizenship ( 19.8 million in 2015 ) outnumber lawful permanent
( 25 % vs. 18 % ) . Hispanic adults are more likely than whites to report regularly wearing a fitness tracker ( 26 % vs.
more people say has a lot of responsibility is “ individuals themselves , ” cited by 72 % of adults . Americans express a bit more ambivalence toward the role of colleges and universities in workforce preparation , with around half of adults ( 52 % ) saying these higher - education institutions should have a lot of responsibility in making sure workers have the right skills and education to succeed
the long - running war on drugs . A national survey by the Pew Research Center finds that 67 % of Americans say that the government should focus
% ) , Brazil ( 74 % ) and Peru ( 72 % ) . Eight - in - ten or more also express support for the pope in Poland ( 92 % ) , Italy ( 91 % ) , France ( 88 % ) , Spain ( 84 % ) and Germany ( 82 % ) . A smaller portion , yet still a majority , in the United Kingdom ( 65 % ) view Francis favorably . Roughly half the Greeks ( 49 % ) agree , though nearly a quarter ( 24 % ) have an unfavorable view and about three - in - ten ( 28 % ) do not rate him . His favorability is lower in other regions , though many say they can not rate him , have never heard of him or do not have an opinion . In Asia , broad majorities in the Philippines ( 88 % ) and South Korea ( 86 % ) express positive views of Francis . At least four - in - ten give favorable views in Thailand ( 49 % ) , Bangladesh ( 47 % ) , Vietnam ( 41 % ) and Japan ( 40 % ) . But majorities in Indonesia ( 57 % ) , India ( 61 % )
than any other region , according to a recent Pew Research Center report that tracks these restrictions by both governments and private individuals and groups . Attacks by the Nigeria - based
of most professional and collegiate sports seasons , 73 % said the spread of infectious diseases was a major threat . But once the declaration was made on March 13 , as cases of the novel
Turkey , 1 % in Jordan and 0 % in Lebanon have a favorable view of Netanyahu . And the negative opinion in Jordan and Lebanon is particularly intense
handling COVID-19 . As of August , half or more in every country surveyed said the EU had done a good job handling the outbreak , including around two - thirds or more in Germany ( 68 % ) , Denmark ( 68 % ) , the Netherlands ( 66 % ) and Spain ( 65 % ) . Spaniards , in fact , were more approving of the EU ’s response than of their own country ’s ( 65
changed from last April ( 29 % ) , but is up significantly from July 2014 when just 17 % said they sympathized more with the Palestinians . By contrast , Republicans continue to overwhelmingly say they sympathize more with Israel ( 74 % ) than the Palestinians ( 11 % ) . There has been little movement in views among Republicans in recent years , but the share who say they sympathize more with Israel is now higher than in the mid-2000s and prior . For example , in 2005 , 57 % of Republicans said they sympathized more with Israel in
now want to remain in the EU . In 2013 the public was divided , with 46 % wanting to stay and
driven by the children and grandchildren of immigrants . This has been true since 2000 and has started to change the composition of the Latino
closely . The inauguration and the financial crisis overshadowed Gaza in terms of public interest and media coverage . Still , one - in - ten listed the conflict between Israel and Hamas as the story they followed more closely than any other . For its part , the national news media devoted 4 % of all coverage to this subject . In economic news , the announcement of thousands of layoffs at several major American companies , including Microsoft , Intel and United Airlines , was very closely followed by a third ( 34 % ) of the American public . Attention to this news was comparable across gender , education levels and party affiliation . Some 6 % cite the job cuts
would like it to play a smaller role and 29 % would like it to play the same role it has been playing in resolving the
they followed news about the economy very closely last week , much more than the 23 % that said they were very closely following news about the impact of the volcano in Iceland . In addition , about a quarter ( 27 % ) say they very closely followed news about proposals for more strict regulation of banks and financial institutions . About two - in - ten ( 21 % ) say they followed news about the deadly explosion on an off - shore oil
% two years ago . Two - in - ten say expansion would lead to a minor reduction in illegal immigration , while a plurality ( 44 % )
addition , college graduates are more likely than those with some college experience or those who have a high school education or less to say they have ordered food online or through an app from a local restaurant . College graduates ( 28 % ) are more likely than those with some college ( 21 % ) or a high school education or less ( 16 % ) to report that they have ordered groceries online . Similarly
say they followed news about the immigration debate very closely ; 11 % say this was the news they followed most closely . In early May , 38 % said they very closely followed news about Arizona ’s new law giving police greater authority to question people they stop who they suspect might be illegal immigrants . Last
showing a decline in Tea Party support among Republicans since their peak of influence in 2010 . In asking Republicans whether they agree or disagree with the Tea Party , Pew Research surveys found that agreement has fallen from 48 % in March 2010 to 33 % in our most recent poll conducted in late April this year . At
adversary , and just 15 % say it is not much of a problem . These opinions have changed only modestly since March , shortly after Russia ’s annexation of Crimea . The share saying Russia is an adversary is unchanged since then , while the share saying Russia is a serious problem has increased six percentage points , from 43 % to 49 % . Since last November , however , there has been a substantial change in public views
among 1,504 adults , finds strong support among Democrats and independents for the restoration of diplomatic ties with Cuba , and for ending the embargo . About three - quarters of Democrats ( 74 % ) , along with 67 % of independents support the re - establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries , with similar levels of support for ending the
their historical migration patterns . The poor Irish immigrants who fled their famine - stricken homeland in the 1840s and 1850s generally settled in or close to the Northeastern port cities where they first arrived . New England states continue to have the highest share of residents claiming Irish ancestry : Massachusetts ( 21.6 % ) , New Hampshire ( 21.0 % ) , Rhode Island ( 18.3 % ) , Vermont
a fraction of stories contained substantial references to Hispanics – just 645 out of 34,452 studied . And only a tiny number , 57 stories , focused directly on the lives of
recovery remains a long way off in the view of many Americans . A new survey by the Pew Research Center , conducted July 17 - 21 among 1,480 adults , finds that
vast majority of tweets . The Center ’s analysis finds that just 10 % of users produced 92 % of all tweets from U.S. adults since last November ,
an overall increase in concern about the problems of crime , corrupt officials and poor quality schools in the emerging and developing nations surveyed in 2007 and 2014 . For instance , in 2007 , a median of 64 % said crime
% ) would back the use of force against Beijing . Nearly two - in - three Republicans ( 65 % ) and 62 % of independents hold this view . And by a 52%-39 % margin , Democrats also
is a natural conflict between being a devout Muslim and living in a modern society . But most Muslims in both of those countries disagree . And in France , the scene of
on Iraq , Up on Economy While George W. Bush ’s job approval rating overall has held relatively steady in recent months , the public has become significantly more critical of his handling of Iraq . Currently ,
while just 21 % say people should be more careful to avoid offending others . Among Democrats , 61 % think people should be more careful
as high as the share of black ( 13 % ) and Hispanic adults ( 12 % ) . The older a person is , the more likely they are to tilt toward more trustful answers . The more education Americans have , and the greater their household income , the
Indians express confident views about their country ’s role in the international arena . Almost four - in - ten ( 38 % ) think
news about gas prices very closely and 30 % cited it as the story they followed most closely last week . The public also closely tracked news about the national economy : 43 % say the followed economic news very closely with 20 % citing it as the story they followed most closely last week .
’ economies remain weak . A new Pew Research Center survey reveals a bleak picture in parts of Europe , with more than eight - in - ten in Greece , France and Spain describing their country ’s economic situation as bad . This gloom is not shared by all in the European Union , however – most Swedes , Germans and Dutch say their economy is doing well .
about half ( 49 % ) of the residents of these 13 states believe abortion should be illegal in all or most cases . By comparison , in the other 37 states and the District of Columbia , just 36 % agree , while 58 % say
administration deported a record 438,421 unauthorized immigrants in fiscal year 2013 , continuing a streak of stepped up
of FSU Jews ( i.e. , second - generation immigrants ) are significantly more religiously observant than their parents ’ generation , and their beliefs and practices are closer in line with those of the Israeli Jewish public overall . For example , children of FSU immigrants are more likely than their parents to believe in God ( 70 % vs. 55 % ) . Only 60 % of second - generation
say they have been met with suspicion or that someone has questioned their intelligence . Some 55 % of blacks with at least some college education say that in the past 12 months someone has acted as if they were suspicious of them because of their race or ethnicity
age and gender . However , when it comes to levels of educational attainment , postgraduates express distinct views . Overall , 62 % of postgraduates say that using military force against countries that may seriously threaten but have not attacked the U.S. can rarely or never be justified ; fewer ( 37 % ) say it can sometimes or often be justified . By contrast , those with lower levels of education are more likely to say
in the world today than it did 10 years ago . Overall , 72 % of Russians say this now
The risk of divorce for adults ages 50 and older is also higher among those who have been married for a shorter time . For example , among adults 50 and older who had been married for less than 10 years , the divorce rate was 21 people per
newshole . Despite its strength , the earthquake in Chile caused much less loss of life than the temblor that struck Haiti in early January . Just after that earthquake , 60 % said they were following news about it and its aftermath very closely . A quarter say they followed news about the 2010 congressional elections very closely , although just 4 % say this was the story they followed most closely . These stories account for 5 % of coverage . Developments in Iraq – including the at - times violent run - up to Sunday
attending HBCUs began to shrink . By fall 1980 , 17 % of black students enrolled in degree - granting institutions were enrolled at an HBCU . By
the number of people with peer - to - peer file sharing applications running on their computers . In fact , comScore found that usage of each of the four applications sampled – KaZaa , WinMX , BearShare and Grokster – dropped in November
. Just before the survey was conducted , Collins became the first active male professional athlete in a major North American team sport to come out publicly as gay ; he ’s due to become a free agent next month . ( The LGBT survey was conducted before Collins ’ announcement
the Pew Research Center for the People & amp ; the Press , conducted April 4 - 15 , 2012 among 1,514 adults nationwide , finds 52 % offering a favorable opinion of the Supreme Court
Republican voters , by contrast , are more likely to value candidates who stick to their core values ( 57 % vs. 35
who got married for the first time between 1970 ( the year the Gores we d ) and 1974 , 89 % were still married to the same wife on their fifth anniversary , 74 % on their 10th anniversary and 65 % on their 15th anniversary . By their 20th anniversary
of their nomination ; two more were former senators . Thirteen were current or former governors ; 11 were current or former U.S. representatives , including two incumbent House speakers . Two nominees , in fact , had already served as vice president when they were chosen for another go with new presidential candidates : Adlai Stevenson I in 1900 and Charles W. Fairbanks in 1916 . And
two nations , while 28 % say being tough with China on territorial disputes is more vital . This represents a dramatic shift since this question was last asked in 2015 ; at that time , Filipinos were almost evenly divided between forging a strong economic
by the National Opinion Research Center at the University of Chicago . Asked whether they approve or disapprove of the court ’s ruling that no state or local government may require the reading of the Lord ’s Prayer or Bible
9 % said they trust them not too much or not at all . High degrees of trust in other groups were much lower , however . For example , no more than one - in - ten Americans placed a lot of trust in elected officials ( 6 % ) and
Following the Senate ’s rejection of gun legislation last month , the public continues to overwhelmingly favor making private gun sales and
white Democrats is similar as to whether history will judge Obama as above average or outstanding ( 79 % and 71 % , respectively ) , black Democrats are more likely than white Democrats to say he will go down as an outstanding
China ’s economic transformation has led to many changes in the everyday lives of its citizens . Most Chinese embrace a modern lifestyle , with 66 % saying they like the pace of modern life . However , the same percentage says their traditional way of life is getting lost . And
necessary to believe in God in order to be moral and have good values : 50 % say it is not necessary , while 48 % say it is . By comparison , 71 % of
of terrorism in the U.S. will be part of life in the future . ” While majorities consistently have held that view over the past decade , the post - Boston number
more closely than any other news last week . In terms of news coverage , the stimulus dropped from 28 % of the newshole two weeks ago – when lawmakers were negotiating a compromise package – to 9 % of total news last week , according to PEJ . News about action on the stimulus was comparable to coverage of Obama ’s plan to help homeowners facing foreclosure , which accounted for 10 % of the newshole last week . The housing proposal , estimated to cost as much as $ 275 billion , attracted the very close attention of 31 % of the public . For one - in - ten Americans , this was the story they followed most closely last
58 % of all births to immigrant mothers in the U.S. in 2014 . Beyond marital status , new immigrant moms vary dramatically on a variety of characteristics depending on where they are from . For instance , about 4 % of new foreign - born mothers from India – one of the top 10 countries of origin among new foreign - born moms – are living in poverty , compared with 49 % of new mothers from Honduras
likely to interact with them . Four - in - ten rural residents say they know all or most of their neighbors , compared with 24 % of urban residents and 28 % of suburban residents . But rural residents have in - person conversations with their neighbors about as often as those
months of the Trump administration , the top countries of origin for refugees have been the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( 3,235 ) , followed by Burma ( Myanmar ) ( 2,470 ) , Iraq ( 1,923 ) , Somalia
The share of the public that says they are hearing a mix of good and bad economic news fell from 64 % in May to 59 %
, a 41 % plurality said the U.S. did too much to solve global problems ; fewer said the country did too little ( 27 % ) or about the right amount ( 28 % ) . Among Democrats and Democratic leaners , nearly half ( 48 % ) say the U.S. does too little to solve world problems , up from just 22 % two years ago . There has been a 16 - percentage - point decline in the share of Democrats who say the U.S. does too much
. Yet some differences were evident . According to the national exit poll , Hispanic women supported
and older , up from 39 % in 1996 . And among Democratic and Democratic - leaning voters , half are 50 and older , up from 41 % in 1996 . Another way to consider the aging of the electorate is to look at median age . The median age among all registered voters
Fewer than 10 % in both Israel and Jordan hold a positive view
, ratings for Iran have declined precipitously since 2006 , when 59 % of Egyptians and 49 %
10 % of those who think laws are about right ) . Among gun owners , 19 % of those who want less strict laws have contacted a public official in the past year , compared with 9 % of
has stabilized . Currently , 56 % favor bringing the troops home as soon as possible – the most ever in a Pew survey – while 39 % say troops should stay until things are stable
largely the same as in 2016 , with only Instagram showing an uptick in use during this time period . ( There are no comparable 2016 phone survey data for YouTube , Snapchat , WhatsApp or Reddit . ) Facebook – which recently celebrated its 15th anniversary – remains one of the most widely used social media sites among adults in the U.S. Roughly seven - in - ten adults ( 69 % ) say they ever use the platform . ( A separate 2018 Center survey showed Facebook use among U.S. teens had dropped in recent years . ) YouTube
That compares with slightly smaller shares of those ages 30 and older . Those employed part time were also slightly more likely than those employed full time ( 11 % vs. 5 % ) to cite these personal impacts from
a result of new immigrant arrivals . This is a change from the previous two decades when the number of new immigrants either
Somalia , a share that dropped to 64 % by 2015 . The U.S. Somali immigrant community continues to grow . Estimates from the United Nations indicate that the total number living in the U.S. was around 2,500 in 1990 , but had grown to between 140,000 and 150,000 by 2015 . In all , the U.S. is home to about 7 % of the world ’s Somali migrant population . Between fiscal years 2001 and 2015 , the U.S. admitted more than 90,000 refugees from Somalia , according to the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement . This refugee flow continues today , with nearly 9,000
available for enhancing purposes today . But many people foresee a future where each would be commonplace . Roughly half of adults ( 54 % ) think the idea of implanted computer chips is likely to be a routine occurrence in the future . Some 48 % say humans will definitely or probably use implanted sensors to monitor or adjust all food and medications that enter the bloodstream by the year 2066 .
they fast during the holiday . Fasting for Ramadan is common across all the demographic groups that make up America ’s 2.15 million Muslim adults . For instance , similar shares of Muslim men and women ( 77 % vs. 82 % ) say they fast , and there is
the government to monitor the communications of U.S. citizens . At the same time , majorities support monitoring of those particular individuals who use words like “ explosives ” and “ automatic weapons ” in their search engine queries (
) . The middle class is a significant presence in the Western European countries analyzed , even as it is shrinking in many countries . Middle - class shares ranged from 64 % in Spain to 80 % in Denmark and Norway in 2010 . The share of adults who were lower income was lowest in the Netherlands ( 13 % ) and highest in Spain
: 32 % followed the situation in Iraq very closely and 19 % listed this as their most closely followed story . The demise of the immigration reform bill was the most heavily covered news story of the week — 12 % of the overall newshole was devoted to this story . Roughly a quarter of the public followed the immigration debate very closely and 14 % listed it as their most closely followed story . Until last week , roughly equal proportions of Democrats and Republicans were following the immigration debate . However , as the controversial legislation collapsed in the Senate , Republicans paid much closer attention
support among white Democratic voters . Overall , 62 % of women and 54 % of men say there is a good chance they would vote for Clinton . But these differences are particularly evident among whites : 61 % of white Democratic women say there is a good chance
entering the U.S. who are affiliated with religions other than Christianity and Islam has declined . But from 2009 to 2012 , between about a quarter and a third of refugees entering each year were adherents of other religions , including several thousand Hindus ( mostly from Bhutan ) and Buddhists ( mostly from Burma and Bhutan ) . Refugees with no religious affiliation were 5 % of all refugees admitted to the U.S. in fiscal 2002 . Since then
reveals some interesting insights about who is getting married . From 2011 to 2012 , the total number of newly married adults increased by 113,000 ( from 4.21 million to 4.32 million ) . Examining the newlyweds by education level , the number of newly married adults with at least a bachelor ’s degree increased by 98,000 from
cultures other than their own , and 55 % felt that they were more understanding of people of different racial backgrounds . Still , relatively few ( 19 % ) said they had felt like they were
most common type of project of the five evaluated in this survey . In addition to these types of projects : Contributions to help someone in need are more often directed toward a person who is already known by the donor , as opposed to a stranger or a public figure . Among those who have contributed to a crowdsourced project to help someone in need , 63 % say they have given to help
seven - in - ten Republicans ( 71 % ) approve of the tax law , including 43 % who strongly approve
was news about the candidates for the 2012 presidential election ( 14 % ) , according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey , conducted Aug. 18 - 21 among 1,007 adults by the Pew Research Center for the People & amp ; the Press . Economic news topped coverage as well , accounting for a quarter of the newshole ( 25 % ) , according to
friends at least sometimes , compared with about half of white ( 50 % ) and Hispanic ( 49 % ) adults . Blacks are more likely than other racial or ethnic groups to say these topics come
affiliation and – among Democrats – education . About three - quarters ( 74 % ) of women who are Democrats or Democratic - leaning independents say the country has n’t gone far enough on gender equality , compared with just a third ( 33 % ) of women who are Republican or Republican leaners .
a slight edge over the GOP on taxes and advantages on several other issues . Currently , 43 % say the
44 % favorable ) and President Bush ( 27 % favorable ) . Hillary Clinton ’s ratings among Latino registered voters are 73 % favorable and
of the countries they live in , large majorities are still concerned about the future of Muslims in their country . British Muslims are the most concerned – eight - in - ten ( 80 % ) are at least somewhat concerned including about half ( 49 % ) who are very concerned . French
testing for the disease . About four - in - ten ( 39 % ) say cases are rising primarily because more people are being tested than
economic concerns about China have become less prevalent in recent years , many Americans are still worried about China ’s economic strength . The amount of American debt held by China , for instance , is the top concern among the eight
’s down from two - thirds ( 67 % ) as recently as 2010 . Today , nearly one - in - four Latino adults ( 24 % ) are now former Catholics . ( We also asked about the reasons Latinos
with both the U.S. and China in positive terms . For example , pluralities or majorities in Australia , the Philippines and Indonesia say their country ’s current economic ties with the U.S. and China
100,000 people . Both the FBI and BJS data show dramatic declines in U.S. violent and property crime rates since the early 1990s , when crime spiked across much of the nation . Using the BJS statistics , the declines in the violent and property crime rates
a higher share of immigrant eligible voters than Asians ( 34 % vs. 31 % ) , but the reverse is true in the Golden State , where
smartphone ownership . Across the 21 emerging and developing nations surveyed in 2015 ( including India ) , a median of 54 % have internet access and 37 % own smartphones . In India , however , only 22 % have internet access and only 17 % have a smartphone . Like most of the 40 countries surveyed in 2015 , there are big demographic differences in internet access . Younger
support . Al Qaeda , which is responsible for some of the most well - known and devastating terrorist attacks in the last 15 years , receives the most negative ratings among the extremist groups included in the survey . A median of 57 % across the 11 Muslim publics surveyed hold an unfavorable view of the group . This includes strong majorities of Muslims in Lebanon ( 96 % ) , Jordan ( 81 %
three community types . The age - adjusted rate of drug overdose deaths in suburban counties was 21.1 per 100,000 people in 2016 , compared with 18.7 per 100,000 in rural counties and
Washington will bicker and oppose one another more than usual , while just 29 % say they expect the parties to work together more . Majorities have expected the parties to bicker and oppose rather than work together in recent years , though
as their most trusted partner , although Democrats are more likely to say this . Republicans are also more likely to name Israel as the preeminent
is the highest share dating back to 2000 . At that time , just 12 % of the public described themselves as both liberal and as Democrats or Democratic leaners . There has been little change since 2000 in other partisan and ideological categories , although the share saying they do not lean to either party is smaller today ( 11 % ) than in the early 2000s ( 17
their NATO ally . ( Unfortunately , we do not have comparable data for American views of Turkey ) . But Turkish distaste for foreign powers does not begin and end with the U.S. On balance , around two - thirds or more Turks express unfavorable views of the European Union , China , Brazil , Russia , Iran and Israel . Turks even dislike Saudi Arabia ( 53 % unfavorable and , notably , the highest favorability percentage ( 26 % ) among all countries we asked about ) . The people of Turkey also hold negative views
beyond mere loathing . In this year ’s Pew survey , majorities in seven of eight predominantly Muslims nations believe the U.S. may someday threaten their country — including 71 % in Turkey and 58 % in Lebanon . And Muslims are increasingly hostile to Americans as well as America ; in the past , as the 1983 Newsweek
job approval measure has fallen eight points since December , from 55 % to 47 % . His rating is comparable to
side , compared with roughly three - in - ten Democrats ( 29 % ) – a 41 percentage point difference . Conversely , most Democrats ( 69 % ) say fact - checkers deal fairly with all sides , a view shared by just 28 % of Republicans . Independents are more split , with 47 % saying fact - checkers tend to favor one side and 51 % saying they deal fairly with all sides – though independents who lean toward the Democratic Party and those who lean toward the Republican Party diverge sharply ( 65 % vs. 37 % say fact
internet use or smartphone ownership – remain high in North America and much of Europe , as well as in parts of the Asia - Pacific . Among the countries surveyed , South Korea stands out as the most heavily connected society , with 96 % of adults reporting internet use . Yet , others are not far behind . In Australia , the Netherlands , Sweden , Canada , the U.S. , Israel , the United Kingdom , Germany , France and Spain , roughly nine - in - ten report internet use . The
, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in March . That ’s about as many as said so in 2008 , although acceptance of the reality of global warming has risen and fallen considerably over that time span : from a high of 79 % in July 2006 to a low of 57 % in October 2009 . But opinions vary
environment and business , just 15 % of Millennials express either consistently or mostly conservative views compared with 44 % who have a mix of liberal and conservative views and fully 41 % who express consistently or mostly liberal views . By comparison , more Gen Xers ( 25 % ) , Baby Boomers
America ’s racial demographics are changing , take a look at the differences between mixed - race Americans old and young . The racial background of the largest group of multiracial babies ( 36 % ) is black and white , but just 18 % of mixed - race adults claim
high percentage of the new Hispanics in the population are either too young to vote or ineligible because they are not citizens ( Figure 1 )
in office , majorities of Democrats viewed the U.S. as less respected internationally ; 58 % said this last year . But now ,
among Ukrainian - speakers . At least in the days leading up to Viktor Yanukovych ’s removal from office , events in Ukraine had yet to boost enthusiasm for a single Ukrainian - Russian state . In both countries , support for a unified state has remained relatively flat over the past six years . In 2008 , 20 % of Ukrainians backed such a move , compared with 12 % today . In Russia , attitudes have changed even less : in 2008
knowledge are more than three times as likely to say they have heard about QAnon ( 85 % ) as those with low political knowledge ( 25 % ) . And though fewer Republicans overall have heard of QAnon
Majorities in France ( 65 % ) , Germany ( 62 % ) , and Sweden ( 59 % ) expressed an unfavorable view of
influence . About three - quarters ( 74 % ) say health insurance companies have too much power , and majorities say the same about banks and other financial institutions ( 64 % ) and technology companies ( 61
to the grocery store given the current situation with the coronavirus outbreak , and about two - thirds ( 65 % ) say they are comfortable visiting
of the threat an Iranian atomic bomb might pose to their country . A majority of Lebanese ( 57 % ) see a nuclear Iran as threatening . A majority of Tunisians ( 57 % ) and Pakistanis (
homosexuality should be accepted by society – a clear majority , and a substantial increase from 2007 , when 51 % said this . In addition , about half of U.S. Methodists ( 49
the government . As in the past , most say they are frustrated with the government ( 55 % ) , while
Russian population ( 72 % ) think that homosexuality is morally unacceptable , with only 18 % saying it is acceptable or not a moral issue . In Russia , homosexuality tops the list of unacceptable behaviors even in comparison to other controversial issues , such as abortion
global median of 70 % say China plays a more important role in the world than it did 10 years ago . Russia is a distant second in this assessment , with only 42 % saying that country is more important than it was a decade ago . A median of only 31 % believe the U.S. plays a
the economy as bad . Compared with last year , fewer expect the economic situation to worsen , but the prevailing view is that the economy will stagnate , rather
DotNet cohort ( ages 18 - 29 ) , 49 % voted , an increase of 9 percentage points from 2000 . While young people still lag behind older adults , the rise in voter turnout
while the Chinese economy will achieve positive growth . The American public ’s economic confidence has also declined . While 52 % of Americans still see their country as the world ’s leading economic power , this
Democrats since August , when Barack Obama was still president : While a 66 % majority said giving presidents greater powers would be too risky in August , nearly nine - in - ten ( 87 %
in 2006 . Figure 4 is based on regression analyses of quarterly averages.1 It shows a broad trend of increasing growth from the last quarter of 2004 through the second quarter
say it is not necessary . By contrast , a large majority of white Democrats ( 89 % ) and a narrower majority of Hispanic Democrats ( 57 % ) say a belief in God is
in that study were conducted on cellphones and half on landlines . With the Cell - WINS flag , 15 % of flagged - inactive cellphone numbers were found to be working and residential ( false negatives ) , and one - in - ten flagged -
last week . About two - in - ten ( 19 % ) say news about the candidates for the 2012 presidential elections was their top story , while 18 % each say they followed news about the economy or the Penn State scandal most closely , according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey , conducted Dec. 8 - 11 by the Pew Research Center for the
the U.S. Gulf Coast , with 61 % of Americans favoring it . Fully 84 % of Republicans want to see the pipeline
is relatively tepid among both age groups . Majorities in most countries across the region are upbeat about free markets , with similar levels of support among young and old , according to a new Pew Research Center survey
share believes prices of goods and services ( 19 % ) , corruption ( 21 % ) and terrorism ( 21 % ) have gotten better . Meanwhile , 65 % say prices have gotten worse , 65 % are of the opinion that corruption has worsened ( including again 47 % who say it is much worse ) and 59 % think terrorism is worse . ( This survey was conducted roughly nine months prior to the Pulwama attack , later claimed by Pakistan - based terrorist group Jaish - e - Mohammad . ) Roughly one
. Podcasting continues to experience audience growth – though this includes both those podcasts focused on news and those looking at other subjects . About one - in - five U.S. adults ages 12 or older ( 21 % ) listened to some kind of podcast in the past month , up from 12 % six years ago , and 36 % have ever listened to a podcast , up from 23 % in 2010 . Though the audience ( and revenue ) for podcasts is only a small portion of that for radio , streaming radio has been growing as well , with the share who listened to online radio ( whether news or non - news ) in the past month more than doubling since 2010
wealthy wield too much power – China ( 38 % ) and Vietnam ( 37 % ) , two nations still ruled by officially Communist parties . Roughly a quarter in both countries believe the rich should have more influence on their political
most cases . Among Catholics , more say abortion should be legal ( 56 % ) than illegal ( 42 % ) in all or most cases . Those who are not affiliated with a religion are among the most supportive of legal abortion : 83 % say abortion should be legal in all or most cases . Across age groups , those
have been on the rise in recent years , even as gun homicides have fallen . In 2010 , the
A majority agrees the U.S. should mind its own
common in rural parts of the country . Among adults who live in rural areas , 46 % say they own a gun , compared with 28
requirements are met . One - in - four ( 25 % ) say they should not be allowed to stay . Most of those who say there should be a pathway to legal status support the ability for undocumented immigrants to apply for citizenship
small share of the public feels this is actually the case today . About a quarter ( 26 % ) feel that the statement “ people who give a lot of money to elected officials do not have more influence than others ” describes the country very or somewhat well ; roughly
, compared with 79 % of Democrats . Republicans also are also far more likely than Democrats to view Iran ’s nuclear
the world ’s two most powerful countries , including a basic measure of favorability – whether Russians have a favorable or unfavorable view of China and the U.S. And on this simple question , the trend is clear : China is gaining popularity in Russia as attitudes toward the U.S. turn sharply negative . In just the past two
analysis of the latest employment data finds that last month , more than half ( 50.9 % ) of the nation ’s nearly 8 million unemployed people are between the ages of
ten Americans ( 37 % ) say they have ever used Instagram online or on their cellphone , according to a survey conducted in January and February of 2019 . The share of U.S. adults who say they have ever used the site has grown from 9 % in 2012 , when the
in the past , there is extensive public support for increasing federal funding for veterans benefits and education ( 72 % each ) . About
recession began . However , the trend has been accelerating since 2010 as the U.S. mainland ’s economy has rebounded from the Great Recession even as the island ’s economy has remained mired in a recession . More recently , the Puerto Rican government has seen its tax revenues decline and , barred by U.S. law from filing for bankruptcy , it may run out of cash in November . The continued loss of people , particularly school - aged children and those in their
or problematic content . Around two - thirds of users ( 64 % ) say they at least sometimes encounter videos that seem obviously false or untrue while using the site . A similar share ( 60 % ) say they at least sometimes encounter videos that
in - ten Americans ( 61 % ) say it ’s a good thing that more women are running for U.S.
has risen , while the share saying legal immigration should decrease has fallen . The survey by Pew Research Center , conducted June 5 - 12 among 2,002 adults , finds that 38 % say legal immigration into the United States should be kept at its present level , while 32 % say it should be increased and 24 % say
government should be addressing the gap between the rich and everyone else , but there is substantially less agreement in this area . While 69 % say the government should do something , fewer than half ( 43 % ) say it should be doing a lot and roughly a quarter ( 26 % ) say the government should take some action . Majorities of Americans believe the government
are most likely to say they want greater cooperation with France ( 77 % ) and Japan ( 69 % ) among the countries tested . Germans are much more likely than Americans to say they want more cooperation with Russia ( 66 % vs. 35 % ) .
examining trends . Even as the Latino vote remained flat at 8 % , their share among eligible voters has grown from 8.6 % in 2006 to 11 % this year . ( The number of Hispanic eligible voters has reached more than 25 million today , up from 17.3 million in 2006 . ) This
are Catholic . Meanwhile , Salvadorans are more likely to say they are evangelical Protestant than Mexicans , Cubans and Dominicans . About six - in - ten Mexicans ( 61 % ) and Dominicans ( 59 % ) identify as Catholic , compared with about 49 % of Cubans , 45 % of Puerto Ricans and 42 % of Salvadorans . Some one - third of Salvadorans are evangelical Protestants
will minimize the amount of human - made space debris that they put into Earth ’s orbit – including fragments of rockets , satellites and other human - made objects . About half ( 51 %
results show that many non - Muslims associate negative traits with Muslims . Majorities in Nigeria , India , Spain , Russia , and Germany see Muslims as violent . Large numbers , including majorities in India , Nigeria , and Russia , also consider Muslims arrogant . Many also associate selfishness with Muslims , although India is the only country where a majority does so . Non - Muslims are less likely to rate Muslims as greedy or immoral — in France for instance , only 10 % say Muslims are greedy and just 18 % label Muslims as
are Asian . Each older generation is less diverse . Non - Hispanic whites make up 61 % of Generation X , 72 % of Baby Boomers and 78 % of the Silent
working . That compares with 20.4 % of the same age bracket in the workforce in 2002 and 26.8 % who were in the workforce in 2012 . The agency ’s data finds the dividing line is age 55 : labor force participation is expected to fall for those under that age who are considered the prime workforce group , and to rise for those above that age . There is less of an increase projected for
the University of Chicago asked Americans what they would have done if they had been the one to decide whether or not to use the atomic bomb against Japan . At the time , a plurality of Americans supported the course chosen by the Truman administration : 44 % said
coverage to the budget drama that played out in Washington and the last - minute compromise that averted a shutdown last weekend . This story accounted for 29 % of coverage – roughly four times
have no impact on their country ’s international standing . The largest share of Americans ( 41 % ) expect U.S. influence in world affairs to be
– which has been a major focus of President Xi Jinping – remains a serious concern . Fully 84 % say corrupt officials
should meet certain requirements before they are allowed to stay in the U.S. legally : 56 % say undocumented immigrants should have to pay fines before gaining legal status . A similar percentage ( 55 % ) backs a 10 - year
Engineering and Medicine highlighted consensus among scientific experts that GM foods were safe . Most Americans perceive considerable disagreement in the scientific community , however . Only a minority of Americans says that almost all ( 14 % ) or more than half ( 28 % ) of scientists agree that GM foods are safe to eat . Public trust in information about the health risks and benefits of GM foods from scientists is higher than it
in Iraq has intensified anti - American sentiments among Muslim publics . Our 2006 poll showed that majorities in Jordan
by 42 % in October and November of 2016 compared with the same two - month period in 2015 , according to a Pew Research
the U.S. – more than triple the number in Canada ( 4.4 million ) and more than four times as many as in the United Kingdom ( 3.4 million ) ,
, opinion on this issue was evenly divided ( 43 % felt the U.S. would accomplish its goals vs. 41 % who said it will be another Vietnam ) . And just 23 % approve of President Bush ’s handling of the situation in Iraq ­ down nine points since August . Bush ’s overall job approval mark of 32 % is unchanged from November , though it remains the lowest of his presidency . The latest national survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & amp ; the Press , conducted Dec. 6 - 10 among
57 % ) say the choice of the next Supreme Court justice is very important to them personally . In April 2010 , after Justice John Paul Stevens
hearing from the presidential campaigns has increased , voters have been paying far less attention to news about the presidential candidates than to news about the COVID-19 pandemic and the protests over George Floyd ’s killing . In the
economic relief bill in addition to the $ 2 trillion economic assistance package passed by Congress in March
had been in the U.S. more than 10 years , compared with 41 % in 2007 . A declining share of unauthorized immigrants have lived in the U.S. for five years or less – 20 % of adults in 2017 , compared with 30 %
year . Republicans and Republican leaners expressed far more favorable opinions of Bernanke ( 71 % ) than did Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 45 % ) . In September 2013 , toward the end of his tenure
could be performed remotely . That is nearly double the share among workers who had completed some college education ( 33 % ) , including an associate degree , and almost triple the share among high school graduates who did not go
found that just 45 % of American adults had confidence in business leaders to work
’s two largest immigrant groups . ) This gap between the Latino groups narrowed from 2014 , when turnout was 35.2 % and 24.2 % , respectively . For Asians , naturalized citizens had a turnout rate of 42.7 % compared with 36.7 % for those born in the U.S. Those figures are up from 29.6 % and 22.4 % in 2014 . Among all U.S.
when 21 % said they had heard a lot about a possible shutdown and 35 % said they had heard a little . If the government were to shut down , Americans are just as likely to blame the Obama administration as Republicans in Congress . ( See “ More Side with Wisconsin Unions than Governor , ” Feb. 28 , 2011 . ) Most of the public ( 74 % ) also says they heard at least a little about Toyota recalling about two million vehicles . About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say they heard a lot about this , while 45 % say
At the same time , using one ’s cell phone to visit a website mentioned during televised programming is relatively common with older cell owners as well — engagement in this behavior does not drop
citizens . In contrast , Americans tilt toward the view that eavesdropping on foreign leaders is an acceptable practice , and they are divided over using this technique on average people in other countries . However ,
n’t favor or lean toward Obama or Romney at this point . Neither candidate is particularly appealing to these undecided voters : More hold an unfavorable opinion of Romney
Joplin , Mo. , more closely than any other news last week . None of the week ’s other top stories comes close , according to the latest weekly News
government , while 58 % express an unfavorable opinion . By comparison , 59 % hold favorable views of their state governments and 63 % hold favorable views of their local governments , figures that have
of the situation are divided along partisan lines . A majority of Republicans ( 67 % ) disapprove of its handling of the situation , while most Democrats
87 % use the internet across 11 advanced economies surveyed in 2015 , including the U.S. and Canada , major Western European nations , developed Pacific nations ( Australia , Japan and South Korea ) and Israel.2 This represents a 33 - percentage - point gap compared with emerging and developing nations . For smartphone ownership , the digital divide between less advanced economies and developed economies is 31 points in 2015 . But smartphone ownership rates
thirds ( 66 % ) of Latinos say they expect their children to eventually enjoy a standard of living that is better than theirs is now . By contrast , just 48 %
many of the traditional markers of adulthood . For the first time in more than 130 years , young adults are more likely to be living in their parents ’ home than in any other living arrangement . In fact , a larger share of them are living with their parents than with a romantic partner
colleges and universities have a positive impact , compared with 64 % of Generation Xers , 59 % of Boomers and just
heard or read at least a little about QAnon rose from 23 % in February to 47 % in September . Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents who are aware of QAnon overwhelmingly see it as a very or somewhat bad thing for the country ( 90 % say this ) , but Republicans and GOP leaners
that Americans have not found the news media to be a big help in getting information about its provisions . A majority ( 56 % ) say the news media
say the government has given them too little help . Post-9/11 veterans are more likely than those from previous eras to say the government has given them
next most common intermarriage pairings are one white and one Asian spouse ( 15 % ) . Some 12 % of newlywed intermarried couples include one white
consideration to the candidates . Currently , 63 % of Republican and Republican - leaning voters say they have thought a
years of schooling , compared with 12.7 years of schooling , on average , among Christians , the majority religious group in the U.S. In some cases , this difference in attainment between religious minorities and
found that cell phone ownership among adults has exceeded 90 % . Cell phones are now being used by 91 % of adults
Netanyahu or express no opinion of him , compared with 35 % last month . Netanyahu ’s favorability is significantly down among Democrats : 19 % are favorable , 39 % are unfavorable and 41 % have no opinion ( compared with 28 % favorable , 35 % unfavorable and 37 % no opinion last month ) . Republicans remain favorable toward the Israeli prime minister by more than two - to - one ( 47 % favorable , 16 % unfavorable , 36 % no opinion )
1.1 million ) to 2000 ( 3.8 million ) . The population grew even during the Great Migration that occurred after World War II and
regulating financial institutions and markets , leaving the country at risk of another financial crisis , ” while 42 % say the government has gone too far , “ making it harder for the economy to grow . ” These views are largely unchanged over the past several years . By roughly two - to - one , Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are more likely to say financial regulations have gone too far ( 63 % ) than to say they have not gone far enough
or not a way can be found for Israel and an independent Palestinian state to coexist peacefully : 43 % say they think this can happen
say men generally prefer to work with men while only 7 % say they favor women co - workers . An even larger share
postgraduate degree . About half ( 48 % ) of people with family incomes of $ 75,000 or more also have been exposed to fertility treatment . ( The survey did not specify what type of treatment . ) Whites are more likely than blacks or Hispanics to report that they have undergone a fertility treatment or know someone who has ( 37 % vs. 22 % and 26 % , respectively ) , and women are more likely than men to say the same ( 36 % vs. 30 % ) .
declined by 2 million since 2007 . In 2017 , 4.9 million unauthorized immigrants from Mexico lived in the U.S. , down from a peak of
- in - ten ( 28 % ) , by contrast , would like to see it overturned . Public opinion about the 1973 case has held relatively steady in recent decades , though the share saying the decision should not be overturned is up slightly from four years ago , Pew Research
22 % of adults overall – say they have changed the way they use technology at least somewhat after the Snowden revelations , according to our November 2014 - January 2015 survey . Additionally , 61 % of those aware of
recent years in several key areas has come among Democrats and independents . Since Barack Obama took office , the proportion of Democrats saying that news stories are often inaccurate has risen sharply , and they are now nearly as critical as Republicans . In 2007 , 43 % of Democrats and 56 % of independents
with other Americans , though views vary widely by immigrant generation . About half ( 53 % ) consider themselves to be a typical American , while 44 % say they are very different from a typical American . By contrast , only 37 % of immigrant
16 - 22 , just under half of U.S. adults ( 47 % ) called the deficit “ a very big problem ” in the country today – down from 55 % in the fall of 2018 . Over
liberals ( 55 % ) . Opinions about expanding the U.S.-Mexico border wall vary more widely across groups . For instance , 45 % of whites favor expanding the wall , about twice the shares of blacks ( 22 % ) and Hispanics ( 20 %
To date , more than 2 million first - time applications have been received by EU member countries , Norway and Switzerland since January 2015 , far more than any previous wave of asylum seekers since the years following World War II . The 2015 surge of asylum seekers continues to strain European governments . Since November 2015 , the number of pending applications has exceeded 1 million among EU countries , Norway and Switzerland , and could take another year
say their religious identity is very important to them . But when asked if their Druze identity is mainly a matter of religion , culture or ancestry – or a combination of these elements – roughly eight - in - ten say being Druze is either essentially about ancestry or culture ( 33 % ) or a combination of religion and ancestry / culture ( 47 % ) . Only about one - in - five say
troubling to have a child tell them he or she was gay : In a 1985 Los Angeles Times survey , nine - in - ten American adults ( 89 % ) said they would be upset if this happened , and just 9 %
Dec. 3 - 7 among 1,507 adults , finds that 70 % say there should be a way for undocumented immigrants to stay in the country legally , if they meet certain requirements . Most of those who support legal status think there should be a way for unauthorized immigrants to become citizens ( 43 % overall
, more describe Russia as a serious problem but not an adversary ( 43 % ) than say it represents an adversary ( 26 % ) . Just 22 %
a margin of nearly two - to - one ( 62 % to 32 % ) , more Americans now say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry than say they are opposed . The latest national survey by Pew Research Center , conducted June 8 - 18 among 2,504
of its coverage to the economy ; 10 % of the coverage was focused on Bush ’s economic stimulus plan and 5 % was focused on major fluctuations in the stock market . For its part , the public was somewhat more interested in stock market news than in the stimulus plan . Overall , 29 % of Americans followed stock market news very closely and 14 % listed this as their most closely followed story of
wide majority of voters say voting was “ very easy ” for them personally , regardless of how or when they voted . Overall , 77 % of those who voted in person say voting was very easy for them . Slightly fewer of those who report voting by mail say
describes them fairly well . Even fewer Republicans ( 31 % ) say the term “ Republican ” applies very well to them ; most Republicans ( 58 % ) say it describes them fairly well . The share of Republicans who say
approval rating has held steady at 44 % , even as he receives low marks for his handling of the surge of undocumented child immigrants at the U.S. border . While Obama ’s job rating has been below
one - in - four Germans say the countries of the EU are the world ’s leading economic power , compared with 41 % who name China and
they have a library card , compared with 61 % of the general population , and 87 % have visited a library in the past year . Even more notably , 88 % have used a public library website in the past year — almost
for the Prophet Muhammad ( 72 % say this is essential to what being Muslim means to them ) . About six - in - ten consider as essential the commitment to observe the religious teachings in the Quran and Sunnah ( 59 % ) , two important sources of
ultimately being passed increasing . In the latest weekly News Interest Index survey , conducted Dec. 18 - 21 among 1,018 adults nationwide , 61 % say they think a health reform bill will pass over the
ethnic group in local police departments in the United States . In 2013 , Hispanics made up 12 % of full - time sworn officers , up 7 percentage points since
opinion of him , down 7 percentage points since 2014 and down 12 points from a spring 2012
virtually no change among Americans . Just as in 2019 , a little over four - in - ten Americans say it
whether or not the growing world population will be a major problem , 59 % of Americans agreed it will strain the planet ’s natural resources , while 82 % of
living . Overall , 55 % said in the Jan. 7 - 11 survey that their family ’s income is falling behind the cost of living , while 37 % say it ’s staying about even ; only 6 % think their family income is going up faster than the cost of living .
in the country illegally ( a median of 69 % ) . When asked if highly skilled people from other nations should be encouraged to move to their country , roughly half or more in eight of 10 European countries polled support this approach . Agreement with
to say that some powers currently held by the EU should be returned to national governments . A majority ( 57 % ) of British adults younger
is doing either very or fairly well ( 46 % ) . Positive ratings have fallen 26 points since January ( when 72 % said very / fairly well ) . Compared to early 2015 , assessments of government efforts to combat terrorism are more negative across the political spectrum . Democrats are now the only partisan group in which a majority ( 64 % ) say the government is doing at least fairly well ( down from 85
% of Democrats ( and independents who lean to the Democratic Party ) had a positive view of stricter environmental regulations , compared with 45 % of Republicans and GOP - leaning independents . Most conservative Republicans ( 60 % ) say environmental regulations cost too many jobs and hurt the economy . GOP moderates and liberals take the opposite view : 60 % in this group say
Nationally , Democrats won majorities of the Hispanic vote across many demographic subgroups in congressional races . For example , Hispanic women favored Democrats over Republicans by a margin of 66 % to 32 % , compared with 57 % to 41 % among Hispanic men .
% had spouses who were less educated than they were — a threefold increase from 1960 , according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of Census data . The share of couples where the husband ’s education exceeds his wife ’s increased steadily from 1960 to 1990 , but has fallen since then
the U.S. military campaign against Islamic militants in Iraq and Syria . About six - in - ten ( 58 % ) say the U.S. effort against Islamic militants in Iraq and Syria is going either not too well ( 39 % ) or not at all well ( 19 % )
with OPT after executive actions in 2008 and 2016 initially doubled ( 29 months ) , then later tripled ( 36 months ) , the maximum
only slightly since 2001 . A 2006 Pew survey also found that a majority of Americans ( 54 % ) favor allowing civil unions , up from 45
ten in Chile ( 79 % ) , Argentina ( 78 % ) and Venezuela ( 77 % ) said they approved of the renewal of relations between the U.S. and Cuba , as did 67 % of those in Brazil and 54 % of those in Mexico . There was similarly broad
people do not pay their fair share of taxes is shared widely across demographic and partisan groups . Fully 75 % of Democrats are bothered a lot by the feeling that corporations do not pay their fair share of taxes , and 72
- ten Biden voters said this about the prospect of a Trump victory , and 89 % of Trump voters said it about the prospect of a Biden win . And around eight - in - ten in
are not really important . Roughly a third ( 34 % ) say elective cosmetic surgery is “ taking technology too far . ” And , overall , 54 % of U.S. adults say elective cosmetic surgery leads to both benefits and downsides for society , while 26 % express the belief that there are more downsides than
’s approval ratings are little changed since June and have been remarkably stable over the first year and a half of his administration . Over this period , Trump
concern ( 71 % ) compared with Americans ( 59 % ) . Americans also are generally more concerned about North Korea ’s weapons program , the power and influence of Russia and China and the condition of the global economy . ( For more
% of the adult population has a mixed - race background . And by the Census Bureau ’s definition the share is just 2.1 % . That means even large , nationally representative surveys typically include too few mixed - race adults
) volunteer that both are equally important , while 6 % say that neither are important and 15 % do not offer an opinion .
action in Libya . News about Libya accounted for 41 % of news coverage this week , compared with just 15 % devoted to the Japan crisis , according to the Pew Research Center ’s Project for
People on the right and left also are more likely to say it is important to them to live in a place where most people share their political views , though again , that desire is more widespread on the
ten Americans paid very close attention to news about the presidential campaign last week , however , only 11 % listed the campaign as the single news story they were following more closely than any other — putting it in fourth place behind the economy , the troubles facing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , and the situation in Iraq . Fully 45 % of the public followed news about the economy very closely and 29 % listed this as their most closely followed story . News of the financial crisis facing mortgage
U.S. – a sharp rise since the Center ’s last comprehensive survey of U.S. Muslims in 2011 , when just 38 % took this position and 56 % said they were satisfied with the country ’s direction . In stark contrast with their current feelings about Trump , most Muslims in 2011 approved of the job Barack Obama was doing as president ( 76 % ) and very few said he
at birth is an appropriate use of medical technology , while 27 % say this would be taking technology too far . A somewhat smaller share of Americans say gene editing to reduce a baby ’s risk of developing a serious disease or condition over their lifetime is appropriate ( 60 % say this , while 38 %
The new survey also finds continued majority support for legal abortion : 53 % of Americans say that abortion should be legal in
61 % ) saying the military has a positive impact on the way things are going in the country . While the military receives the highest ratings of the groups and institutions tested , views of the military have turned less positive since last year , when
economic policies have made economic conditions in the country worse . Smaller shares of white ( 47 % ) and Hispanic ( 43 % ) Democrats say the
in the story . And among independents , these feelings are even stronger . Fully 77 % of independent voters who are closely tracking this news story believe
more than three months to go before Election Day , most voters already feel that there ’s little left to learn about the presidential candidates . When it comes to Barack Obama , 90 % say they already pretty much know what they need to know about him ; just 8 % say
, from about 375,000 per year in 2002 - 2007 to about 90,000 per year for 2012 - 2017 . For other regions of birth , the average annual inflows did not change significantly , but the shares of the total increased due to declining Mexican arrivals . The number of unauthorized immigrants in the labor force – working or looking for work – declined to 7.6 million in 2017 , less
they are basically content . Overall , attitudes toward the federal government today are virtually identical to a year ago . In March 2016 , 57 % said they felt frustrated with the federal government , while 21 % said they were angry and 20
the right . The share of Democrats holding consistently liberal views has grown steadily over the past 20 years , quadrupling from 5 % in 1994 to 23 % today . Social
17 % ) are very concerned . About half of Hispanic adults ( 49 % ) are very concerned about unknowingly spreading COVID-19 to others , compared with 38 % of black adults and 28 % of white adults . And Hispanics ( 43 % ) and blacks ( 31 % ) are far
of Democrats and Democratic leaners view her favorably , while 18 % view her unfavorably and 44 % are unable to rate her . Among Republicans and Republican leaners , 31
issues divided the country along partisan lines . Americans across the political spectrum expressed rising worry about North Korea ’s nuclear program following a series of increasingly advanced missile tests by the secretive Asian nation and an escalating war of words between Trump and the country ’s leader , Kim Jong Un . Three - quarters of Americans said in October that they view North Korea ’s nuclear program as
Latino vote was split between incumbent Republican John Cornyn ( 48 % ) and Democrat David Alameel ( 47 % ) , as Cornyn won support from nearly half of Latinos . Exit poll data is not available for
good , while 73 % in Germany say the relationship is bad . Among Germans , this constitutes a sharp elevation in negative assessments since
about their desires for the performance of their speakers in the future . In one group , 58 % of smart speaker owners say they would not like their speaker to do a better job of taking their interests and preferences into account in the future , compared with 42 % who would like their speakers to do a better job taking their interests and preferences into account . The second group was
decrease in the size of the average U.S. household – from 5.79 people per household in 1790 to 2.58 in 2010 . But this decade will likely be the first since
knowledge index . By contrast , Republicans with a high level of science knowledge were no more likely than those with a low level of knowledge to say human activity plays a strong role in climate change . A similar pattern was found regarding people ’s beliefs about energy issues . These findings illustrate that the relationship between people
: almost 1.6 million ( or about 2 % of the country ’s population ) , including more than 1.5 million refugees from Syria and about 25,000 from Iraq , Iran and Afghanistan . ( The total number of refugees in Turkey has since grown to 2 million , but they ’re not allowed to seek permanent asylum there . Some experts
issue in their local community , according to the survey , conducted Feb. 26 - March 11 . ( The survey categorized Americans as urban , suburban or rural based on their own description of their community type
2008 than it employed in the fourth quarter of 2007 . Among major racial and ethnic groups , only native - born Hispanics added jobs in the past year . But this was principally a function of demographics . The native - born Latino labor force is increasing more rapidly than the labor force for any other group—4.8 % compared with only 0.7 % growth in the U.S. labor force . Thus ,
As in the past , whites have a more positive view of race relations than do blacks or Hispanics
The Gallup Organization has tracked voter preferences in House races for more than half a century , and its final midterm election polls have consistently paralleled actual election results . Indeed , on average , the final Gallup Poll has been within 1.1 % of the actual vote . Similarly , surveys by the Pew
pattern in a follow - up study that looked specifically at tweets about national politics . In that study , 97 % of tweets that were created by U.S. adults and mentioned national politics came from just 10 % of
) , Jordan ( 76 % ) and Israel ( 63 % ) agree . Israel stands out among the Middle Eastern countries surveyed for its lower levels of concern about each international threat tested . While 63 % of Israelis see ISIS as a major threat , about four - in - ten or fewer name any other issue as a major challenge . Within Israel
the U.S. economy and the health care debate in Washington shared the position of American ’s top story last week . One - in - five named either the economy ( 21 % ) or health care ( 21 % ) as
a Pew Research Center survey conducted Aug. 23 - Sept. 2 among 1,201 adults finds that most Republicans continue to largely favor its use in cases of murder , while most Democrats oppose it . By more than two - to - one ,
, and at least twice about national politics , over the year of the study period – are almost twice as likely as other Twitter users to say the people they follow on Twitter have political beliefs similar to their own ( 38 % of political tweeters say this , compared with around one - in - five among
Pew Research Center ’s American Trends Panel , a probability - based , nationally representative panel . This survey was conducted May 30 – June 30 , 2014 and self - administered via the internet by 2,849 web users , with a margin of error of plus or minus 2.4 percentage points . For more information on the American
two decades . Currently , fewer than half of registered voters in both parties – 43 % of Democrats
they followed economic news very closely , comparable to the share following the economy very closely in recent weeks . According to PEJ , coverage of the economic crisis took up 9 % of the newshole . Close to two - in - ten ( 18 % ) say they followed reports about General Motors ’ plans to file bankruptcy most closely . A third say they followed those stories very closely , while another 40 % followed them
Democrats have consistently expressed more support for leaders who compromise than have Republicans , and this holds true today . Fully
influence of the poor will decline ; 78 % say the same about Hispanics ; 74 % each say women and gays and lesbians will lose influence ; and 73 % say this about blacks . No more than about a third of Republicans say any of these groups will lose influence with Trump in the White House ( 33 % gays and lesbians , 32 % Hispanics ) . Most Republicans expect that these groups will either gain influence or not be affected by Trump
% of Americans say they seldom or never experience these feelings . That being said , some groups are more likely than others to express gratitude . For example , 84 % of women regularly feel a strong sense of gratitude or thankfulness , compared to 72 % of men . And nearly nine -
prevent such attacks , but nearly as many ( 45 % ) say there is not much more that can be done . The steps the government has taken since 9/11 are generally seen as having made the country safer . Six - in - ten ( 60 % ) say steps taken by the
is no significant change in public views on the issue of gun control and gun rights . Currently , 49 % of Americans say it is more important to protect the right of Americans to own guns , while 46
- percentage - point decline from two years prior . By contrast , 72 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners said colleges and universities have a positive
that about Bob Dole in 1996 , 52 % for John Kerry in 2004 ) . Just 36 % say he has not been too critical of Clinton . By comparison , 44 % say Clinton has been too personally critical of her opponent , which is higher than the share saying that about Barack Obama during either
) believe rising prices are a very big problem . About two - thirds of the public says corrupt officials ( 66 % ) , terrorism ( 65 % ) and crime ( 64 % ) are very big problems . In each case , such concern is down significantly from 2017 – by 20 percentage points in the case of crime , 11 points for terrorism and 8 points regarding officials
racial or ethnic group in the overall population but will become less than a majority , the projections show . Currently 62 % of the population , they will make up 46 %
was higher than in 2007 , when this study began tracking social hostilities . In addition , several countries joined these top two categories of social hostilities in 2016 . Bangladesh experienced an increase in assaults and killings of members of religious groups by social groups or individuals – including multiple instances where people who had expressed atheist views or were accused of
, while roughly twice as many ( 52 % ) say they should be raised . Another 21 % say corporate tax
About half of Americans ( 52 % ) expressed worry about surveillance programs in 2014 and 2015 , but they had more muted concerns about surveillance of their own data . Roughly four -
% ) of web users who get political news from The Colbert Report also get news from The Daily Show , another satirical
lot last week about a Rutgers University student who committed suicide after other students streamed live video of him having a sexual encounter in his dorm room over the internet . About a quarter ( 24 % ) say they heard a lot about a controversy concerning the immigration status of California Republican gubernatorial candidate
for Excellence in Journalism , reporting on the economic crisis accounted for 13 % of the newshole last week . That made it the leading story , though coverage of the horrific shooting at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington was not far behind ( 11 % ) .
, which is little changed from May of this year ( 57 % ) . In August 2011 , 49 % of Republican voters viewed the GOP presidential field positively ;
than twice as likely as Democratic voters to say life in this country has gotten worse over the past half - century for people like them ( 66 % to 28 % ) . Among GOP voters , fully 75 % of those who support Donald Trump for the Republican presidential nomination say life for people like them has gotten worse , compared with 63 % of Ted Cruz supporters and 54 % of those
or multiethnic infants include children younger than 1 year old who live with two parents and whose parents are each of a different race , those with one Hispanic and one non
new survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & amp ; the Press and The Washington Post , conducted April 21 - 25 among 1,001 adults , finds that 31 % say we will have achieved significant progress on the deficit in the next five years or so , down from 37 %
while teachers remain overwhelmingly white . In fall 2015 , the share of nonwhite students in U.S. public elementary and secondary schools hit a record 51 % . That ’s up from 30 % in fall 1986 . Growth has been especially fast among Hispanic students , who increased from 10 % of students
on Sept. 20 , Americans continue to say they are highly interested in the health care debate : 36 % say it was the story they followed most closely last week , more than double the percentage for any other major story . But despite that interest , relatively few ( 19 % ) say they heard a lot last week about Senate Finance Chairman
today the world ’s leading economic power rather than China . However , a third of Indians say China has already replaced or will eventually replace the United States as the world ’s leading superpower , possibly a reflection of Beijing ’s growing strategic as well as economic influence . Yet Indians are less likely than publics in many countries to see China ’s rising hegemony as inevitable , according to a
. The Census Bureau ’s initial announcement was that members of minority groups — defined as anyone who is not non - Hispanic white — accounted for 50.4 % of the U.S. population younger than age 1 on July 1 , 2011 . The bureau ’s annual population estimates for July 1 , 2012 , placed the minority share at 50.1 % . The agency ’s annual population estimate for July 1 , 2013 , is to be released June 26 . In recent decades , non - Hispanic whites have been a shrinking share of newborns in data produced by both agencies . To some extent , the data discrepancy between them reflects differences in what each agency measures : The Census Bureau classifies the children based on the
is not always clear - cut or entirely positive . As noted above , 17 % of workers say they use social media to build or strengthen personal relationships at work – but the transparency that social media facilitates comes with costs as well as benefits . Some 14 % of workers have found information on social media that has improved
one - in - three ( 34 % ) citing economic problems as the nation ’s most grave , compared with 27 % who say the war in Iraq is the biggest problem facing the nation . This represents a reversal from a year ago , when 42 % cited Iraq as the most important problem in the wake
shifting in a democratic direction but more ( 43 % ) say they think the communist country will become more democratic over the next several years than
By about four - to - one ( 80 % to 18 % ) , African Americans say the shooting in Ferguson
But the public is also more likely to say they are “ not at all confident ” in Trump ’s decision making on tax policy ( 42 % ) than to say this about either party ’s leaders in Congress
national survey by Pew Research Center , conducted Dec. 8 - 13 among 1,500 adults , finds that since the start of this year , the share of Americans who say the government is doing well in reducing the threat of terrorism has fallen by 26 percentage points – from 72 % to 46 % – and
, more Democrats say partisan relations will stay the same ( 44 % ) or get worse ( 20 % ) than predict they will improve . But Democrats are far more optimistic than Republicans , a majority of whom ( 54 % ) say
were wider than in more than three decades of Pew Research Center surveys . In a March survey , Democrats were roughly twice as likely as Republicans to say criticism from news organizations keeps political leaders from doing things that should n’t be done ( 89 % versus 42 % ) .
be so expensive that it would be more cost - effective to send robotic probes.1 With regards to future expeditions into space , a majority of Americans say they would consider it essential that humans , not solely robots
surveyed . Only 7 % in Israel and 1 % in Jordan view Assad positively . Syrians living in Jordan have similarly negative views
say that there are times when it is acceptable for journalists to use anonymous sources , with 67 % saying it is acceptable only in special cases – a view which echoes the standards of professional journalism organizations that say journalists should take every step to attribute information to a named source when possible before relying on an anonymous source . A much smaller share – 15 % –
president of the United States , Donald Trump . Among the foreign policy experts polled by Pew Research Center , nearly nine - in - ten ( 88 % ) say they lack confidence in Trump to do the right thing regarding world affairs .
of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents said significant changes to American government were needed ; today , that share has dropped to 41 % . A majority ( 57 % ) now says no significant changes are needed . At the same time , Democrats have grown more likely to say significant changes are needed . In 2018 , 68 % of Democrats said substantial change was necessary . Today , 79 % of Democrats say changes are needed to
no more than about two - in - ten Republicans expressed satisfaction with the way things were going in the country . By contrast , Democrats ’ satisfaction with the country has plummeted following the election : Just 16 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say they are satisfied with the way things
which shares a long border with conflict - ridden Syria , 92 % of the public is worried about Islamic extremism , up 11 points from the already high figure of 81 % in 2013 . Lebanese Christians
readers consume newspapers only in their printed form . In our study of the local news environments in three markedly different U.S. metropolitan areas , nearly or about half of readers of the local daily paper in Denver ( 46 % ) , Macon , Ga. ( 48 % ) , and Sioux City , Iowa ( 53 % ) did not access the paper online . Indeed , print newspaper readers tend to be news enthusiasts . They are more likely to often watch local
remain negative on balance and are lower than they were in February . Today , 29 % say they approve of the job Democratic leaders in Congress are doing , down from 37 % in February . Ratings for Republican leaders in Congress are even worse : just 22 % say
) , desktop and laptop computers ( 79 % each ) , mp3 players ( 70 % ) , and
more positive verdict from the public than congressional Republicans received after their 2014 and 2010 victories , when majorities said they were not keeping campaign promises ( 65 % said this in May 2015 , 52 % in April 2011 ) . After the Democrats won Congress in 2006 , the public was divided on whether they kept their promises ( 40 % said they did , 38 % said they
less supportive than Democrats , according to a new Pew Research Center survey of all three countries . About half of Americans ( 51 % ) say NAFTA has been a good thing for the U.S. , including 11 % who say it has been very good . That compares with 74 % of Canadians who say the agreement has been good for Canada , including 20 % who say it has been very good . Among Mexicans , 60 % see NAFTA as being good
often . 11 % expect to hear from their partner hourly . 35 % expect to hear something every few hours . 38 % expect
live outside its borders . By contrast , only about 1 % of those born in the U.S. live outside of the United States . Among the 10 countries with the highest number of emigrants , the UK is the only Western European country to
prevalent type of mobile device in nine of the 11 countries surveyed : A majority of adults ( median of 53 % ) report using a smartphone . Usage is highest in Lebanon ( 86 % ) and Jordan ( 85 % ) , and lowest in India ( 32 % ) . Basic and feature phones are less popular overall , but some countries stand out for their high usage of these less digitally connected phones . In India nearly half of adults ( 47 % ) say they use a basic mobile phone that can not connect to the internet
have been in recent years . An October survey found 41 % of Americans rating economic conditions in the country as “ excellent ” or “ good , ” near the highest point in a decade . The public ’s improving economic outlook is reflected in its
’s age groups , starting with the youngest ones . In fact , the bureau estimates indicate that 50.3
negative . In April 2017 , 84 % of those who consistently identified with or leaned toward the Republican Party
% of white Democrats say that Hispanics face at least some discrimination compared with 59 % of white Republicans . When asked about discrimination against whites , whites are more likely than blacks or Hispanics to say that there is at least some discrimination against whites in the U.S. ( 44 % of whites say this compared to 29 % of blacks and 33 % of Hispanics ) . Yet while 60 % of white Republicans say society discriminates against whites ,
half or more in Germany , Spain , France and the Netherlands say the same . But just 5 % in Hungary express this view . Opinions on this issue have shifted with time in some countries . Since 2014 , more people in France ( increase of 11 percentage points ) , the UK ( +10 )
59%-to-35 % margin , and a majority also prioritized increased education spending over deficit reduction by about the same margin . But when it came to spending more to develop new energy technology , opinion was divided more evenly ,
was first administered in 1975 . ( The long - running annual survey is first distributed to a nationally representative sample of students in eighth , 10th and 12th grades , and a randomly selected sample from each senior class continues to receive surveys biannually after finishing high school . ) Nicotine was the most commonly cited substance being used in e - cigarettes for most groups of students in 2018 . Vaping just flavoring , by comparison ,
with just 27 % of those 65 and older . By contrast , there are no significant differences in views among Democrats by age , with comparable majorities of all age groups saying colleges and
41 % in the current survey . Mirroring the GOP ’s gains among independent voters , Bush ’s rating among this crucial group of swing voters now stands at
sharply by ideological self - identification in Venezuela . Those Venezuelans who place themselves on the left side of the ideological spectrum are
news closely ( global medians of 86 % and 78 % respectively ) . In all 38 countries , more than two - thirds say this of news about their own country . The same is true of news about their city or town in 32 countries . People are much less interested in news about other
n’t be fully democratic . Only 44 % think having a democratic government is more important . This is a shift from previous surveys , when Egyptians
of the organization have been relatively consistent in recent years . Still , there has been a large upward shift in approval from 2007 , when 48
nationally . Far more Americans have a favorable opinion of their local government ( 67 % ) than of the federal government ( 35 % ) . In addition , there is substantial satisfaction with
of its citizens . Six - in - ten said it was intrusive . In this year ’s survey , 70 % in the UK disapprove of the EU ’s handling of the refugee issue and 55 %
- up to U.S. military conflict , it was older adults who were the most dovish about military action in Iraq . While adults under 30 favored military action by three - to - one ( 69 % favor-23
five priorities tested in the new survey . Instead , Hispanics identify education as a top priority issue for the new Trump administration and for the new Congress among those tested . Fully 73 % say improving the educational system should be a top priority in 2017 . Other top priorities include defending the country from future terrorist attacks ( 69 % ) and strengthening the nation ’s
National Center for Education Statistics and the Bureau of Justice Statistics . The share of primary schools with an officer present grew much faster during this period than the share of secondary schools with an officer on site , which increased from 58 % to 65 % . ( The most recent available data for both types of schools are for
. In the new survey , 60 % of Democrats and 52 % of Republicans say the U.S. is one of the greatest countries in the
among Republicans who think the U.S. ’s European allies should increase their defense budgets has fallen by 14 percentage points between 2017 and 2019 . There has also been
is 72 % , statistically unchanged from 74 % immediately after the fall of Baghdad , but notably higher than his prewar approval rating of 55 % . But his approval mark has not yet come close to matching
in the world have been shifting . Looking at the 20 nations surveyed in both 2008 and 2013 , the median percentage naming the U.S. as the world ’s
the Palestinians ( 49 % to 11 % ) ; 15 % say they sympathize with neither side , while a sizable proportion offers no opinion ( 20
. Looking at the components of trust in science across these three scientific areas — vaccines , climate change , and GM food — two patterns stand out . First , public trust in scientists is stronger , by comparison , than it is for several other groups in society . For example , many more people report trust in information from medical scientists , climate scientists , and GM food scientists than information from industry leaders , the news media , and elected officials . On the other hand , no more than about half of people hold strongly trusting views of scientists in any of these domains . For example , only 47 % of people say that medical scientists understand the health effects of the measles , mumps , and rubella ( MMR ) vaccine “ very well . ” Some 43 % hold soft positive views of medical understanding about the MMR vaccine , saying medical scientists understand this issue “ fairly well . ”
as measles , mumps and rubella ( MMR ) are safe for healthy children , while about one - in - ten
United States in fiscal year 2016 , the largest numbers came from the Democratic Republic of Congo , Syria , Burma ( Myanmar ) and Iraq
five - point uptick from last year . But just 28 % rated the federal government favorably , versus 65 % unfavorably ; the favorability rating was five points lower than a year earlier and the lowest
conservative , 60 % say stricter laws cost too many jobs and hurt the economy . Among the party ’s moderates and liberals ( who make up about a third of all Republicans and GOP leaners ) , 60 % say stricter environmental laws are worth the cost . There also are gender , age and educational differences in these attitudes . Women (
apparently been averted . A 1947 law dictates that only a male can ascend to the Chrysanthemum Throne , but there had been no princes born to the royal family since 1965 , leading many to call for changing the law so a female — most likely four - year -
old ; editorially , it is focused on coverage of local or even neighborhood - level news ; it is just as likely to operate as a nonprofit organization as for - profit model ; and
talk about science or read about scientific developments at least some of the time . Some 24 %
levels among Democrats are up significantly . Among Republicans and Republican - leaning independents the share feeling angry toward the federal government is down 12 percentage points from March 2016 ( from 33 % to 21 % ) . The last time anger toward government was about this low among Republicans was in March 2011 ( 18 % ) , shortly after Republicans regained control of Congress following victories in the 2010 midterm elections . Still , Republicans are more likely to express anger at government today than they were during the Bush administration . By
low favorability rating . While the public expresses favorable views of many federal agencies , the VA received the lowest rating among 10 agencies and departments in a Pew Research Center survey earlier this year . Roughly half of U.S. adults ( 49 %
, the debate over giving Obama fast - track authority — which would enhance his ability to negotiate TPP without fear of it being modified by Congress — had not yet gained the full attention of Americans . Consequently , 12 % volunteered that they had not heard enough about TPP to make a judgment , and a further 9 % did not answer the question . In general , Americans see free trade agreements as good for the country . However , support for this free trade agreement is much more robust in most other TPP nations surveyed . This includes two - thirds or more of Vietnamese ( 89 % good thing ) , Peruvians ( 70 % ) and Chileans (
the way the president is handling that situation . The latest nationwide survey by the Pew Research Center finds 48 % approving and 43 % disapproving of Bush ’s overall job performance . This is
to 19 - year - olds for June , July and August ( teen employment typically peaks in July of each year ) . Since 1948 , which is as far back as the data go , through subsequent decades , teen summer
law varies widely . About seven - in - ten ( 69 %
National Security Agency ( NSA ) has been listening to phone calls of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and other heads of state , a
n’t taken them seriously at all ( 29 % ) ; 37 % say he ’s gotten the risks about right . Views of how Trump , Democratic leaders and the news media have responded to the risks of the coronavirus are highly partisan . However , there is bipartisan agreement that officials at the CDC have responded appropriately : 64 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners and 63 % of Republicans and Republican leaners say CDC officials have gotten the risks of
of U.S. adults ( 88 % ) say the benefits of the MMR vaccine outweigh the risks – the same share as in 2016 , when the Center last asked this question – while the share who consider its preventive health benefits to be “ very high ” has grown by 11
shares of immigrant workers were textile , apparel and leather manufacturers ( 36 % ) and the farm sector : A third ( 33 % ) of the nearly 2 million agriculture workers in
president and Congress this year , which is little changed over the past two years . The percentage of the public rating environmental protection as a major policy goal hit
13.4 % ) , California ( 12.3 % ) , Arizona ( 12.2 % ) , Colorado ( 10.2 % ) and New Mexico ( 10.1 % ) . California and Texas had about the same share of students with unauthorized immigrant parents in 2012 , but by 2014 , California ’s share had dropped below that of Texas . At the other end of the spectrum , the share of students with unauthorized immigrant parents was less
30 or so “ catchall ” occupations covering an additional 1.5 million jobs ) , the strongest growth is foreseen for operations research analysts , statisticians , actuaries and other mathematics - oriented jobs : Employment in math occupations is expected to grow by 28 % , though that ’s off a fairly small base ( the group had only 152,400 jobs in 2014 ) . Health care ( 18.6 % ) , personal care and service ( 13.1 % ) and computer and information technology ( 12.5 % ) were the other employment sectors with particularly fast projected growth . On the other
they have changed their views about a political or social issue in the past year because of something they saw on social media , according to a Pew Research Center survey of U.S. adults conducted May 29 - June 11 . Certain groups , particularly young men , are more likely than others to say they ’ve modified their views because of social media . Around three - in - ten men ages 18 to 29 ( 29 % ) say their views on a political or social
modest . In 2007 , for instance , 12 % of Boomer and Silent white evangelicals supported same - sex
year . In our first survey on this in November 2012 , 53 % of adults had visited a
, they also are skeptical of their own collective political wisdom . About four - in - ten ( 39 % ) say they have a very great deal ( 7 % ) or good deal ( 31 % )
hold an unfavorable than favorable view of Russian President Vladimir Putin ; just 13 % do not offer a rating of him . Views of Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu are mixed : 34 % view him favorably , while about as many ( 32 % ) view him unfavorably
this . Nearly three - in - ten ( 28 % ) heard nothing at all about the satellite , which broke up and crashed into the South Pacific . About as many ( 29 % ) say they heard a lot about the bankrupt solar panel company that received millions of dollars in loans approved by the Obama administration . Republicans are much more likely to have heard a lot about this story ( 42 % ) than are Democrats ( 20 % ) . Three - in - ten independents ( 30 % ) heard a lot about this story . Among Republicans and GOP - leaners who agree with the Tea Party , 60 % say they heard a lot about this story . Perry ’s
who say he has definitely done such things – a smaller majority of Republicans ( 80 % ) say he has not . Fewer than half of
the other nation ’s president to do the right thing regarding world affairs . Only 21 % of Americans have confidence in Russian President Vladimir
while about as many ( 46 % ) say “ relying too much on military force to defeat terrorism creates hatred that leads to more
America in the percentage of those saying the U.S. government respects the personal freedoms of its people . In that year , 81 % of Germans and 69 % of Americans said the U.S. government respected the personal freedoms of its people . But after multiple scandals involving the exposure of National Security Agency eavesdropping ,
Overall , 47 % of adults say the United States has done a good or excellent job of handling the outbreak , but just 27 % of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents hold that view
very closely . This news accounted for 5 % of coverage . Smaller numbers cite the financial crisis and protests in Greece ( 4 % ) or the Supreme Court ruling that overturned a California ban on selling violent videogames to minors ( 3 % ) as their top story . Just 14 % say they followed news about the Greek protests very
is important but not essential , and just 1 % says it is not important . A comparable share ( 92 % ) considers freedom of speech to be essential to their own sense of freedom . Large majorities also say the right to privacy ( 87 % ) and freedom of religion ( 85 % ) are essential to them . Views are more mixed when it
it is up locally ( 78 % vs. 38 % ) is the widest Gallup has
favorable view , compared with six - in - ten independents and about
fell to about 22,000 , according to an analysis of data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Today , measles cases are extremely rare , but the CDC reported a spike in 2014 , with more than 600 measles cases , the first such jump in more than a decade . The CDC attributed the increase to an outbreak among unvaccinated Ohio Amish communities and cases related
and House Speaker John Boehner . About a quarter ( 27 % ) cited the deficit and debt talks as their most closely followed story this week , while 20 % cited news about the economy and 18 % mentioned the intense heat wave sweeping much of the nation . The stalemate over raising the debt ceiling was more dominant in terms of news coverage , accounting for 29 % of the newshole , according to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism . The next most heavily
care debate affects them personally , down slightly from the 78 % that said the same in mid - July . In the current survey , 26 % say it does not affect them personally , up slightly from 21 % in July . Nearly all Americans ( 93 % ) view the issue as important , about the same as the 95 % that said the issue was important in July . More than seven
the protests in Egypt and winter storms were the stories the public says they followed most closely , many also continued to keep a close watch on economic news . About a third ( 35 % ) say they followed economic news very closely . Only about one - in - ten ( 9 % ) say they followed news about the economy more closely than any other maj0r story last week . News about the economy accounted for 5 % of the newshole . A quarter ( 25 % ) say they followed news about a federal judge ’s ruling that part of the nation ’s new health care law is unconstitutional ; 9 % say this is the news they followed most closely . Republicans ( 33 % ) are more likely
are in excellent or good shape financially , down slightly from 38 % in October . The last time personal financial ratings fell to
72 % of Canadians expressed a positive opinion of the U.S. ; by 2007 only 55 % held this view . However , the most recent Pew Global Attitudes survey , conducted in May and June of this year ,
the public closely tracked news about the economy last week , but the top story by far is the agreement by the president and Congress to cut federal spending and raise the debt limit . Nearly half ( 46 % ) followed news about the last - minute debt deal very closely ; the same percentage followed news about the economy very closely . However , 45 % say the debt limit agreement was the story they followed most closely
leader in Mexico since Pew Research Center began surveying there . His rating in Mexico is also the lowest among the 37 nations polled in 2017 . The proposed border wall between the U.S. and Mexico has been a high - profile position for Trump since he declared his candidacy for president , and more than nine - in
of his high - level appointments , according to a Pew Research Center national survey , conducted Jan. 4 - 9 among 1,502 adults . These opinions have changed little since December . In January 2009 , just
conducted Feb. 7 - 12 , 2017 among 1,503 adults , finds the public holds mixed views on a border wall ’s potential impact on illegal immigration . About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) think a wall along
Guard troops to the Mexican border , a component in the long - running debate over immigration legislation ; 7 % say they followed this news more closely than any other major story . Reporting on this accounted for 5 % of the newshole examined by PEJ . About two - in - ten ( 19 % ) say they very closely followed news about tensions between North Korea and South Korea ; 3 % say this was the story they followed most closely .
focused on important policy debates , ” while 58 % say it has not . Democrats and independents are more likely than Republicans to say the campaign has not focused on key policy debates . By roughly two - to - one , Democrats
% of those surveyed by Pew Research last spring say economic conditions are good . From 2013 to 2015 , Brazilians ’ perception of their economy fell by a staggering 46 percentage points . Only six - in - ten Brazilians now have
as more intelligent and more hardworking but also greedier , our survey this summer found . About four - in - ten ( 43 % ) said the rich were more likely than the average person to be intelligent ( with 50 % saying there was no difference or expressing no opinion ) and 42
. And as Americans think about the next 50 years , they expect that technology , along with medical advances , will continue to have a major impact ,
58 % ) say it is “ one of the greatest countries in the world , along with some others . ” Few Americans ( 12 % ) say there are other countries in the world “ that are better than the U.S. ” Three years ago , 38 % said the U.S. stood above all others , while 53 % said it was one
in Washington on how to address the deficit and national debt , the public expressed greater interest in the aftermath of the earthquake and tsunami in Japan and news about rising fuel prices . About a quarter ( 26 % ) say they followed news about the tragedy in Japan most closely , making this the public ’s top story last week . Japan
illegal while in office or when he was running for president . Only half as many ( 32 % ) say he definitely or probably has not done things that are illegal . An even larger share ( 72 % ) thinks
, India ( 7,799 ) and Pakistan ( 7,625 ) – making up 30 % of the total – followed by other developing and emerging nations , mostly in Africa and Asia . By contrast ,
over a 15- to-18 - year span ; for example , the Baby Boom generation includes people born between 1946 and 1964 . As a result , the formative political experiences of the youngest and oldest members of each generation can differ considerably , and these differences may be reflected in divergent political attitudes and partisanship within generations . The overall pattern reflects generational
year – nearly all of them fleeing the civil war in neighboring Syria – represent nearly 20 % of that country ’s population of 5.9 million . In second place was Jordan , where refugees – also nearly all from Syria – represent more than 8 % of the population . Other nations adjoining conflict zones with significant refugee populations relative to their populations
half or more of conservative Republicans say each of these two factors influences research findings most of the time . Minorities in the other party / ideology groups say either of these influence research findings
also are distinctive patterns in marriage longevity by race and ethnicity . Some of these differences could be related to educational differences among adults with different racial or ethnic backgrounds . Asian women , who are among the most educated , are more likely than any other racial or ethnic group to have a long - term marriage . For Asian women who were married for the first time between 2006 and 2010 , the chance that they may celebrate their 20 - year wedding anniversary is nearly 70 %
democracy is preferable to any other form of government than in surveys following the Arab Spring , and for the first time , more say that stability is a priority
, at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , will win the most medals this summer . Only 15 % think the U.S. will take home the
that accompanied the 2007 - 2009 recession has bottomed out , and the number may be rising again . As of March 2012 , 11.7 million unauthorized immigrants were living in the United States , according to a new preliminary Pew Research Center estimate based on U.S. government data . The estimated number
2011 and 2016 , the number of Americans who read books on tablet computers has increased nearly fourfold ( from 4 % to 15 % ) , while the share who read books on smartphones has more than doubled ( from 5 % to 13 % ) . The share
and in countries with significant Muslim populations . Since 2011 , the percentage saying they are very concerned about Islamic extremism in their country has increased 38 percentage points in France , 29 points in Spain
leaners characterize national economic conditions as excellent ( 10 % ) or good ( 47 % ) . Among Democrats , just 30 % say the
more likely than more moderate members of each party to say the news they get from family and friends online represents just one side . And about half ( 51 % ) of conservative Republicans who said they see mostly one -
does not take into account the “ interethnic ” marriages between Hispanics and non - Hispanics , which we covered in an earlier report on intermarriage . ) Some racial groups are more likely to intermarry than others . Of the 3.6 million adults who got
rank the economy ( 84 % ) and terrorism ( 80 % ) as very important issues to their vote . Other issues that rank highly on voters ’ 2016 importance list include foreign policy ( 75 % very important ) , health care ( 74 % ) , gun policy ( 72 % ) and immigration ( 70
say society has not gone far enough in accepting people who are transgender , while 32 % say society has gone too far and 27 % say it has been about right . Partisanship is at play here as well , as Republicans and Democrats express opposite views .
generally support a more limited leadership role for America — believe it would be acceptable if a rival military power emerged . However , most state and local government officials , military leaders , and foreign affairs experts say U.S. policies should be aimed at retaining America ’s status as the sole
“ smartphone - dependent ” internet users – meaning they own a smartphone but do not have broadband internet at home . This represents a substantial increase from 12 % in 2013 . In contrast , only 5 %
would be at preventing school shootings , 86 % of teens say that preventing people with mental illnesses from purchasing guns and that improving mental health screening and treatment would be effective , including majorities who say each of these proposals would be very effective . Roughly
much larger percentage increases in past years , with jumps not always coming during election years . So far this fiscal year – from October 2015 to June 2016 – 718,430 immigrants have applied for naturalization , a 26 % increase over the same time period a year before , according to data released by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services . By comparison
group ( 97 % ) say they disapprove of the way Trump is handling his job in office , including nine - in - ten who strongly disapprove . Among Democratic voters who are not bothered the presumptive nominee is an older white man , 85 % disapprove , including
Most prominently , Americans are roughly twice as likely to express worry ( 72 % ) than enthusiasm ( 33 % ) about a future in which robots and computers are capable of doing many jobs that are currently done by humans . They
2012 , compared with 44 % today . Concerns about Chinese cyberattacks have , on the other hand , risen to 55 % from 50 % five years ago . Still , debt , trade and jobs have not disappeared as sources of concern for Americans , and overall about half the public ( 52 % ) continues to see China as more of an economic threat than a military
U.S. and Britain are the strongest supporters of the idea that use of military force is sometimes necessary , with 75 % of Americans and 70 % of those
U.S. last September , and Obama traveled to India in January . The trip seems to have increased Indians ’ familiarity with the American president – the share of the public with no opinion about Obama dropped from 37 % last
are very confident their vote will be accurately counted . Another 31 % say they are somewhat confident , while 30 % have little or no confidence their vote will be counted accurately . The gap between the two camps is about
Britain and narrower majorities in France and Spain ( 62 % each ) . Germans are evenly divided , with half saying the use of force is sometimes
- in - ten ( 21 % ) say they followed this story very closely . While 11 % say they followed news about the elections most closely , the same percentage say they followed news about the release of a jailed American hiker held in Iran that closely . Nearly a quarter ( 23 % ) say they followed election news very closely , while 16 % say they followed news about the released hiker that closely . Her release accounted for 2 % of coverage . Another 4 % say they followed news about Israeli - Palestinian peace talks
recent weeks . While the health care debate was a significant part of assessments of Obama ’s speech and his first year in office , stories that focused primarily on this debate made up just 3 % of the coverage analyzed by PEJ . A third of Americans ( 33 % ) say they followed news about Obama ’s State of the Union speech very closely , a level comparable to the 37 % that said they followed his first speech to Congress on Feb. 24 , 2009 very closely . In early 2008 , just 18 % said they followed George W. Bush ’s last State of the Union address
social media platforms or messaging apps . This level of use is most common in Lebanon and Jordan , where about four - in - ten say they use three or more of these apps ( 42 % and 38 % , respectively ) . About three - in - ten say the same in
the three emerging technologies outlined in the survey – brain implants , synthetic blood and gene editing for babies – would increase inequality because they would only be available to those who are well - off . Two - thirds of American adults also said scientists would offer life extension technologies before their impact was fully understood . Again , this wariness
beheading of American journalist James Foley , two - thirds of the public ( 67 % ) cite ISIS as a major threat to the U.S. About two - in - ten ( 21 % ) name the Islamic militant group in Iraq and Syria as a “ minor threat ” and just 5 % say it is not a threat . Half of the sample was asked about ISIS and the other half was asked about the broader threat of “ Islamic extremist groups like al Qaeda , ” which registered similar concern ( 71 % major threat , 19 % minor threat ,
split on whether Russian efforts to influence the 2016 election benefited Donald Trump ’s campaign or neither campaign very much . Roughly equal shares say that Russian
said they were bothered a lot by the feeling that some corporations did not pay their fair share of taxes . Today , 44 % of Republicans express this concern . Among Democrats , there has been virtually no change in the share saying they are bothered a lot by corporations not paying their fair share
same about pharmaceutical companies ( 40 % ) , health insurance companies ( 40 % ) and state and local elected officials ( 37 % ) .
right . When asked about leading nontraditional political parties , half or more of the publics in four of the six EU nations surveyed believe that these parties are good for their country because they raise important issues that are ignored by traditional parties . This is
, Slovakia and Ukraine — a median of 56 % agreed with the statement “ Most people are better off in a free market economy , even though some people are rich and some are poor . ” While support for free - market economics tends to be lower in Eastern Europe than in other parts of the globe , it is not uniformly low in the region . For example , in the 2007 survey , 68 % of Poles
most issues . However , three - in - ten say that average Republicans do not
so . Another 21 % say that it would not be easy to highlight their employment skills using a personal website or social media profile . Roughly one - in - ten indicate that it would be difficult for them to go online to find lists of available jobs ( 12 % ) ; fill out a
fairly ( 49 % ) well in reducing the threat of terrorism , and for most of the past ten years , at least two - thirds of the American public , including majorities across party lines , have offered this generally positive assessment . While 2007 was an extreme , there has been a partisan
Pew Research poll in early October , after the first presidential debate , which represented a shift from polling earlier in the
God or who expressed more uncertainty about their belief were less likely than strong believers to reject the statement that life has no purpose . ( Only 49 % said they strongly disagreed ) . There were no statistically significant differences
benefits for the environment . Three - in - ten say these policies make no difference for the environment and about two - in - ten ( 19 % ) believe these policies end up doing more harm than good for the environment . As with other climate issues , there are sizable political divides over the effects of climate policies . About eight - in - ten liberal Democrats ( 78 %
) of adults ages 18 to 29 say it is very or somewhat acceptable for professional athletes to speak out publicly about politics . By comparison , 67 % of adults ages 30 to 49 , 55 % of those ages 50 to 64 and half of those 65 and
angry ” at government say they are more enthusiastic about voting this year , compared with 45 % of those who are “ frustrated ” or “ basically content ” with government . Similarly , Democrats who register strong disapproval of the president are far more likely to be eager to vote than those
increasing share of Americans say doctor - assisted suicide , in general , is morally acceptable .
had cold or neutral feelings toward him earlier that year . By September 2016 , a 57 % majority of these voters had warmed to him , including 24 % who felt very warmly . And shortly after the election , three - quarters of these once cold or neutral voters (
men in support for the Democratic candidate – was comparable to the gap in most elections since 1980 . Even when Democratic candidates failed to garner a majority of the women ’s vote – as in 1980 , 1984 and 1988 – they still drew more support from women than from men . The election of 1992 was unusual because
Democratic - leaning independents ( 79 % ) say the shutdown is a “ very serious problem ”
% of the U.S. labor force , up from 30 % in 1950 – but growth has stagnated . The share of women in the labor force generally grew throughout the
majorities across all demographic and partisan groups favor providing legal status to undocumented immigrants . Republicans ( 66 % ) continue to
gas , which emerged as a prominent issue in the campaign , was the top news story . More than six - in - ten ( 63 % ) say they followed news about gas prices very closely and 30 % cited it as the story they followed most closely last week . The public also closely tracked news about the national economy : 43 % say the followed economic news very closely with 20 % citing it as the story they followed most closely last week . The economy was the second most covered
are on the platform . Among U.S adults with public Twitter accounts , 19 % follow President Donald Trump , while 26 % follow former President Barack
. A quarter ( 25 % ) says the economy will be worse off a year from now , up from just 8 % in September and the highest level since
) , Millennials , whom we define as ages 23 to 38 in 2019 , numbered 72.1 million , and Boomers ( ages 55 to 73 ) numbered 71.6 million . Generation X ( ages 39 to 54
million in 2017 . Unauthorized immigrants from Mexico make up less than half of all unauthorized immigrants and have been a driver of the group ’s population decline – the number of
who have experience working in government , while 34 % say he should listen less . However , conservative Republicans ( 52 % ) are less likely than moderate and liberal Republicans ( 70 % ) to say
of men and women in the workplace the law in their country ( 49 % ) as oppose it ( 48 % )
lived in the South . By 2010 , that share had dropped to 41 % . Much of the geographic shift of poverty reflects general trends in population shifts across the country over that same period . As rural areas , such as in the Midwest , have become less impoverished since the 1960s , those areas make up a smaller share of the U.S.
think Zika is a major threat to the U.S. population as a whole , compared with 33 % of older men . By contrast , 23 % of adults under age 50 consider Zika a major threat to the population . Additionally , 42 % of those who report being in “
would favor it . Instead , opinions divided primarily along party lines and by gun ownership status , with Republicans and those who own guns particularly likely to say they would support allowing teachers
. In addition , frequently angry and frustrated officers are roughly twice as likely as those who are not frequently angry or frustrated to agree that police have reason to be distrustful of most citizens ( 46 % vs. 21 % ) . About eight - in - ten angry and frustrated officers ( 77 % ) agree that they have
of confidence about the security of everyday communication channels and the organizations that control them – particularly when it comes to the use of online tools . And they exhibited a deep lack
. Nearly two - thirds ( 63 % ) of Facebook users and the same share of Twitter users get news via each of the social media sites . This is up substantially from 2013 , when about half of each social network ’s users ( 47 % for Facebook , 52 % for Twitter ) reported getting news there . ( In both studies , we defined news as “ information about events and issues beyond just friends and family . ” ) This increase in exposure to news among users emerges even as overall usage of each site has remained steady since 2013 :
teamwork , logic and basic communication skills . Pew Research Center recently asked a national sample of adults to select among a list of 10 skills : “ Regardless of whether or not you think these skills are good to have , which ones do you think are most important for children to get ahead in the world today ? ” The answer was clear . Across the board , more respondents said
while 29 % predict a bill will not pass . This is little changed from mid - December , when 61 % expected a bill to pass and 34 % said a bill would not pass
those 50 to 64 , 20 % of those 30 to 49 and just 15 % of those ages 18 to 29 . Slightly more 18- to 29 - year - old voters ( 37 % ) said it is somewhat important to them , compared with roughly three - in - ten saying the same in the other
according to PEJ . Nearly two - in - ten ( 18 % ) say they very closely followed news about another economic story – the recent ups and downs in the stock market . This was the top story for 2 % and made up 1 % of coverage . About a quarter of the public ( 24 % ) say they very closed followed news about the aftermath of the bombing and shooting attack in Norway that killed more than 70 people . That ’s about the same level of interest shown one week earlier immediately following the July 22 attacks . Just more than one - in - ten ( 12 % ) say this was the story they followed most closely . The Norway terror attacks accounted for 8 % of the newshole . Almost two - in -
say this about the GOP . Overall , 83 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners support a path to legal status for undocumented immigrants . Among this group , 55 % say the party is doing a good job representing their views on this issue ; 38 % say it is not . Democrats who oppose a path to legal status ( 16 % of all Democrats and Democratic leaners ) are more critical of their party : Just 30 % say the party does a good job of reflecting their views ,
parents than fathers did 20 or 30 years ago ; this compares with 56 % who say mothers are doing a worse job . About one - in - five ( 21 % ) say today ’s fathers are doing a better job compared with
When it comes to job opportunities , 57 % say that jobs are difficult to find in their community , while 36 % say that there are plenty of jobs available , according to our recent survey . Views of job availability have edged higher over the past several years as the unemployment rate has
they have heard “ nothing at all ” about the caucus , according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted April 5 - 11 among 1,501 U.S. adults . Another 39 % say they have heard “ a little ” about it , while only about one - in - five Americans ( 19 % ) say they have heard “ a lot ” about the group . Democrats
, the polling found broad acceptance of China ’s transformation from a socialist to a capitalist society . Seven - in - ten say people are better off in a free market economy , even though this means some may be rich while others are poor . This sentiment is true across demographic groups , and even those in the low - income category believe in
Index survey , conducted May 21 - 24 by the Pew Research Center for the People & amp ; the Press , about one - in - ten ( 11 % ) say they followed the debate about how
– largely driven by different fertility rates . The number of babies born to Christian mothers ( 223 million ) far outnumbered the number of births to Muslim mothers ( 213 million ) between 2010 and 2015 . However , an aging Christian population – especially in
unpartnered ” Americans , from 39 % in 2007 to 42 % today , has been most pronounced among young adults : Roughly six - in - ten adults younger than 35 are now
are more likely than distrusters to have a favorable view of the EU and UN
to find in their area , up 17 percentage points from the 61 % recorded last November . By comparison , among Americans with incomes of $ 75,000 or more fewer than half ( 46 % ) say jobs are difficult to find , up only seven points since last November .
Islam need to be reinterpreted to address the issues of today . By some conventional measures , U.S. Muslims are as religious as – or more religious than – many Americans who belong to other faith groups . Four - in - ten ( 43 % ) Muslim Americans say they attend mosque at least once a week , including 18 % who say they attend more than once a week , according to a 2017 Pew Research Center survey . An additional 32 % say they attend once or twice a month , or a few times a year . These attendance levels are comparable to
personal relationships ( 53 % ) and the economy ( 52 % ) . People are more mixed on the internet ’s effect on politics , with similar proportions saying that the influence is
’s top two partners . Still , Germany does make the top four , trailing Great Britain and China and tying with Israel . Democrats are more likely than Republicans to see Germany as an important partner for foreign policy . While 21 % of Democrats name Germany as one of America ’s top two international partners , only 5 % of Republicans feel this way . Democrats also take a more positive view of Germany ’s role in world affairs – 52 %
the Pew Internet Project began to measure it in 2000 , but
ten people follow crime very closely and more than half of residents often discuss crime with others . Interest in crime , though , is not equal across all residents in these cities , as seen in Denver and Macon , where racial and ethnic subgroups were large enough to analyze . In Denver , Hispanics ( 19 % of the city ’s population ) follow crime news very closely at nearly twice the rate of whites , 49 % versus 26 % . And seven - in - ten
half the populace ( 53 % ) . Crime , however , is less of an issue in Russia than in previous years , with only 39 % saying it is
, 36 % choose the United Kingdom as the most or second - most important foreign policy partner . Roughly two - in - ten say China ( 23
speculation that Mitt Romney was considering a possible third run at the executive office , the former Massachusetts governor comes in third with
is the country ’s Self Defense Force ( SDF ) , which earns widespread praise for its response to the disasters . More than nine - in - ten ( 95 % ) say the SDF has done a good job responding to the crisis , including 62 % who say the force has done a very good job . A smaller majority ( 54 % ) give Japan ’s news organizations , such as television , radio , newspapers and magazines , favorable marks for their handling of the disaster . However
mothers are more likely to do this with greater frequency . Some 76 % of mothers on Facebook say they do so “ frequently ” or “
troop fatalities , Gallup found that by a 38%-to-61 % margin the public judged the war to be going badly ; as recently as July that margin had been reversed with 54 % saying well and 43 % saying badly .
13 % of married women earned more than or about as much as their husbands . By 2000 , the share had risen to 25 % . Today , 31 % of women who are married or cohabiting are contributing at least half of the couple ’s total
In the current poll , Obama is by far the candidate that the public has been hearing the most about in the news . Fully , 70 % have heard more about Obama in the last week than any other candidate . This is consistent with the balance of the press coverage , according to the Campaign Coverage Index conducted by the Project for Excellence in Journalism . Last week , Obama was the featured news maker in 72 % of all campaign news stories , his highest coverage level this year . Only 15 % said that Sen. Clinton was the candidate they have been hearing the most about . The gap between Obama ’s and Clinton ’s visibility has grown substantially over the last two weeks from roughly equal visibility in early March , when 38 % had
there is support for making it easy for citizens to vote , the public is largely opposed to making voting required in national elections . Only two -
next - most studied languages in European schools are French , German and Spanish , each garnering no more than 15 % of students participating in 2017 . Russian , studied in a formal classroom by 2 % of Europeans , is
campaign is informative , which is identical to the share that described the campaign as informative in January 2012 . As during prior campaigns , many Americans view the current contest as “ too negative ” ( 54 % describe the campaign this way ) and “
for personal political engagement and activism . Among all social media users , people who changed their views on an issue are much more likely than those who did n’t to say such sites are important when it comes to getting involved with political or social issues important to them ( 63 % vs. 35 % ) or finding others who share their views about important issues (
are about as likely to say that talking about politics with people whom they disagree with is “ stressful and frustrating ” as say such conversations are “ interesting and informative .
create new employment , a politically sensitive issue in each country . And French ( 24 % ) , Americans ( 20 % ) and Italians ( 13 % ) are less likely than their TTIP negotiating partners ( a median of 50 % ) to agree that trade leads to more jobs . Americans , French , Italians and Japanese
2009 . Over time , the ratio is expected to fall , as more whites retire than enter the labor
nomination as either excellent or good . At this point in the campaign in 2007 , fully 62 % of conservative and moderate Democratic registered voters had positive assessments of the Democratic
to take advantage of the public ’s frustrations . Barely a year after opposition candidate Henrique Capriles fell short in his effort to win the presidency from Maduro by less than one percent , most Venezuelans ( 52 % ) say the opposition has a bad influence on the country ’s direction – nearly on par with Maduro ’s negative
( 77 % ) and insurance claims processors ( 65 % ) will be mostly performed by machines in their lifetime , while around half expect that the same will be true of jobs such as software engineers and legal clerks . On the other hand , only
science for society , and they expect more ahead . About three - quarters of Americans ( 73 % ) say science has ,
of the UN , support varies considerably by political party . A strong majority of Democrats ( 72 % ) in the U.S. have a favorable view
a survey conducted in March and April of 2018 . Separately , 15 % of teens say Instagram is the platform they use “ most often . ” That ’s lower than the shares who say the
Asian Americans overall and 13 % of the U.S. population . In 2010 , by our analysis , 28 % of Indian American worked in science and engineering fields ; according to the 2013 American Community Survey , more than two - thirds ( 69.3 % ) of Indian Americans 16 and older
People ’s sense that there generally is a conflict between religion and science seems to have less to do with their own religious beliefs than it does with their perceptions of other people
. A median of 68 % rate it a very big problem in Latin America
, Senegal and Mali , roughly seven - in - ten respondents completely agreed that religion should be kept separate from government policy . In the U.S. , significantly
to 14 seem to be a major milestone in parents ’ eyes for smartphones . This survey finds that a majority of parents ( 73 % ) believe it is acceptable for children to have their own phone only after they have reached at least the age of 12 . Some 45 % say smartphone ownership is acceptable between the ages of 12
, while 38 % say they disapprove . When asked about priorities for addressing illegal immigration , a plurality ( 42 % ) of American adults give equal priority to tighter restrictions and creating a path to citizenship . Meanwhile , about a quarter ( 28 % ) say tougher border security and stricter law enforcement alone should be the priority ; about the same percentage ( 27 % ) say developing a way for unauthorized immigrants to become citizens alone should be the priority . These views have changed little since 2010 .
more than 1.3 billion people , or nearly 20 % of the world ’s population , China alone accounted for more than one - in - two additions to the global middle - income population from 2001 to 2011 . The
fair , though just 18 % say they are very confident in this . ( Note that much of this survey was fielded before the beginning of the trial and the release of the Senate rules . )
Center analysis of government data from that year ’s Election Administration and Voting Survey ( EAVS ) , a biennial study of states ’ administration of federal elections . ( This data does not include all states ; for more information
Republican - leaning independents are keener on Israel as a partner ( 26 % ) than Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 9 % ) . Democrats also place more emphasis on Canada and Mexico for their top foreign policy affiliate . However ,
of Mexico has yet to drop off as significantly as media coverage . Currently , 39 % say they followed news about the leak very closely last week , not much different from the 42 % that said this one week earlier . Still , that is down sharply from 59 % in the July 22 -
in Mexico since Pew Research Center began surveying there . His rating in Mexico is also the lowest among the 37 nations polled in 2017 . The proposed border wall between the U.S. and Mexico has been a high - profile position for Trump since he declared his candidacy for president , and more than nine - in - ten Mexicans oppose it . U.S. favorability has typically been higher than confidence in the American president in Mexico , and that remains the case this year – though the share of the public
for cutting military spending in order to achieve deficit reduction . About half of Americans ( 51 % ) say
economy is poor has declined in recent months – from 56 % last August to 43 % currently . But positive views of economic conditions have not risen .
a postgraduate degree , 89 % say they have a great deal or fair amount of confidence in scientists and 93 % have a great deal or fair amount of confidence in medical scientists to act in the
then - U.S. Rep. Mark Foley ( R - Fla. ) who sent inappropriate messages to young people , attracted greater interest : At that time , 26 % said they were following news about Foley ’s actions and his subsequent resignation very closely . German officials last week stopped a terrorist plot by a group of Islamic militants to bomb several locations including Ramstein U.S. military base . One - in - five followed this story very closely and just 6 % said it was the story they followed most closely . News about this foiled plot received roughly the same level of public interest as a similar new story in May , when six men were charged with plotting an attack on Fort
would be more acceptable . When asked about an alternate scenario in which the effects of gene editing are limited to a single person , more Americans said it would be more acceptable than less acceptable ( 34 % to 23 %
is little difference in views of the nation ’s global standing by race and ethnicity : About three - in - ten whites ( 30 % ) and blacks ( 31 % ) and about a quarter of Hispanics ( 26 % ) view the U.S. as above all other nations . The majority view across each of these groups is that the U.S. is a great country , on par with some other countries
adults say they have a “ very ” or “ mostly ” favorable view of Pope Francis , up from roughly half who said this in September of 2018 , when the question was last asked . At that time , a Pennsylvania grand jury had just published a report revealing decades of child sexual abuse
in births by 2060 . Half of babies born worldwide are expected to be born in Africa by 2100 , up from three - in - ten today .
Russian leader has remained high since an increase in 2014 , shortly after the conflict with Ukraine and subsequent annexation of Crimea . Despite slippage in how well the public thinks their president is handling key foreign policies , a majority of Russians say their country plays a more important role
to hover near record lows : Just 25 % of Americans
should stand by their principles even if it leads to a default . Among all Republicans and Republican - leaning independents , 53 % of those who agree with the Tea Party favor lawmakers standing by their principles even if it means the government goes
is a comparably large gap on the emphasis given to reducing the budget deficit : 70 % of Republicans say this is a top priority compared with 48 % of Democrats . Over the past several years , the partisan divide over the importance of strengthening the U.S. military has grown significantly . Republicans have historically been more likely than Democrats to say strengthening the military should be a top priority . In January 2014 , 61 % of Republicans said strengthening the military should be a top priority compared with 36 % of Democrats – a 25 - point gap in opinion . Since 2014 ,
than do older adults . Among those younger than 30 , about as many approve ( 50 % ) as disapprove
say social media have a mostly negative effect on the way things are going in the country today , according to a Pew Research Center survey of U.S. adults conducted July 13 - 19
decline in the number of refugees who have entered the U.S. so far in fiscal
of Americans ( 49 % ) say U.S. involvement in the global economy is a bad thing because it lowers wages and costs jobs ; fewer ( 44 % ) see this as a good thing because it provides the U.S. with new markets and opportunities for growth . Trump ’s primary campaign supporters
say that knowing a friend had voted for Trump would put a strain on their friendship ; 7 % say knowing a friend had voted for Clinton
government regulations as necessary . Seniors 65 and older , however , think the private marketplace is the most effective way to increase reliance on renewable energy sources by a 50%-41 % margin
years . There are minor partisan differences in opinions of China . Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are somewhat more likely than Democrats and leaners to consider China an adversary . About a quarter of Republicans ( 26 % ) rate China as an adversary , compared with a smaller share of Democrats ( 17 % ) . Roughly a third of Democrats do n’t consider China a problem ( 34 % ) along with 27
third and fourth years of the conflict public opinion on this question was divided , while in the war ’s first two years clear majorities backed the decision to use force in Iraq . Americans continue to be divided on whether to keep troops in Iraq or bring them home . A slim plurality of Americans ( 49 % ) now supports bringing the troops home as soon as possible , while 47 % favor maintaining troops in Iraq until the situation there is stabilized . A year ago , a narrow
share than said the same about issues including racism , illegal immigration , terrorism and sexism . Around half or more also said made - up news has a big impact on political leaders ’ ability to get work done ( 51 % ) , Americans ’ confidence in each
AAAS scientists say all children should be required to be vaccinated . In the general public survey , those more likely to say parents should be able to decide include younger adults , Republicans and independents
. But there is little indication that the unemployment rate ’s falling to 6.3 % , the Dow Jones average soaring to a new high and the ACA signing up 8 million people ,
fact , Bush continued to have the support of 8 - in-10 conservative Republicans into 2006 and 2007 and retained strong approval among 6 - in-10 . ( See Bush ’s five - year trend at the bottom
last week , and the public remained highly engaged in the ongoing contest . Nearly 40 % of the national newshole was devoted to the campaign , and 36 % of the public listed the campaign as the single news story they were following more closely than any other . Democratic frontrunners Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton were the most prominent figures in the news last week . When asked to name the person they had heard the most about in the news lately , 24 % of the public named Obama and 23 % named Clinton . In a week when he proposed a major economic stimulus plan , just 5 % of Americans named George
opinion leaders differ with the public about many issues – including President Obama ’s foreign policy , the war in Afghanistan and China – a growing proportion of Council on Foreign Relations members agree that the United States is a less important world leader . Fully 44 % of the CFR
a Pew Research Center survey conducted less than a week after the shootings . About half of Americans ( 49 % ) said it was more important to control gun ownership while 42 % said it was more important to protect the right
’s potential conflicts of interest is down 12 points , from 45 % a month ago . A majority of Democrats ( 59 % ) are very concerned that Trump ’s relationships conflict with his ability to serve the country ’s best interests ; just 7 % of Republicans say the same . Both groups express less concern than they did in December : Democrats are 11 points less likely to say they are very concerned and Republicans are 6 points
% ) say they are “ willing to give Trump a chance and see how he governs as president , ” nearly four - in - ten ( 39 % ) say they ca
unauthorized immigrant parents in the United States in 2016 , the latest year for which information is available , according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of government data . This represents a 36 % decrease from a peak of about 390,000 in 2007 . The analysis follows President
heat burns ( 38 % ) , followed by bruises and abrasions ( 19 % ) and cuts ( 15 % ) . And despite
’s response to Hurricane Katrina , just 54 % of evangelicals approved of Bush ’s performance in office ; his overall approval rating was 36 % . Since then , the president ’s ratings among evangelicals have fluctuated , rallying to 64 % in December 2005 and slumping to a low of 52 % in July of this year . Today , Bush ’s rating among evangelicals is 57 % , compared with 37 %
from 49 million in 1980 – a 68 % increase . This was more than double the 31 % rise in employment in positions requiring a below average level of job preparation . Employment in these jobs increased from 50 million to 65 million over the same time period . Employment and wages have increased most in occupations that require higher social or analytical skills . While employment grew by 50 % over all occupations from 1980 to 2015 , this growth was much higher among jobs that require average or above average social skills ( 83 % ) , such as interpersonal , management and communication skills , and those that require higher levels of analytical
the U.S. , China , Japan and the countries of the European Union as the world ’s leading economic power , 59 % of Americans choose their own country , up from 50 % last year . This is both the largest share to name the U.S. and the largest year - on - year increase since the question was first asked in 2008 .
26 % have a positive view of America , while just 10 % have confidence in Trump when it comes to his handling of world affairs . These opinions are in
out that people think different kinds of public and social settings warrant different sensitivities about civil behavior . For instance , fully 77 % of all adults think it is generally OK for people to use their cellphones
statement – “ The tone of debate among political leaders is respectful ” – describes the country very ( 6 % ) or somewhat well ( 19 % ) . Of the 16 aspects of the political system and democracy asked about in the survey , this
took the oath of office , majorities also said it was too early to tell how successful their presidencies would be . But in both cases , those that did offer predictions were more likely
- one ( 65 % to 29 % ) , Republican and Republican - leaning registered voters say it is more important that a candidate have new ideas than “ experience and a proven record . ” Just five months ago , GOP voters valued experience and a proven record over new ideas , 57 % to 36 % . Opinion among Democratic voters continues to be more evenly divided :
