the acceptability of cohabitation , the societal benefits of marriage , the impact of cohabitation on the success of a couple ’s marriage and whether cohabiting and married couples can raise children equally well .
from a Pew Research Center survey conducted
the gap between rich and poor has increased over the past five years . And when asked why so many people lack jobs in their country , the top reason given is that many jobs go only to people with connections . Despite these concerns , there is considerable optimism about the future across the three nations surveyed . At least six - in - ten in each country say health care and education – two key issue areas that are highlighted by the SDGs – will be better for the next generation . And even though their views about the current state of the economy are negative , most are upbeat about the short - term economic future : Majorities in Nigeria , South Africa
get the facts right about COVID-19 all or most of the time . Black Americans are more likely than other adults to turn to local news organizations and to trust them to get the facts right about COVID-19 . This aligns with two other , broader trends : Black Americans are more closely following COVID-19 news topics , and they are also more likely to be interested in local news and to trust information from local news organizations more generally . Despite the financial difficulties facing local newsrooms during the coronavirus outbreak , Americans do not perceive a dearth of local news about the pandemic , according to the
. Social activities and sending and receiving money are
s 2010 media consumption survey , 62 % said
followed news about the
.   It ’s no secret that unemployment among recent grads remains higher than it was before the Great Recession . But in a recent report , the Federal Reserve Bank of New York went deeper and looked at   underemployment among
on corruption ’s impact on development and social inequality in the participating countries . The theme is particularly timely for the host country , which saw its president , Pedro Pablo Kuczynski , abruptly resign in March
approach for defeating global
in the international arena . Americans who have positive opinions of
. Smartphone users are also more likely to say the internet is having a positive impact on society . The interactive below provides data for levels of internet use , overall mobile phone ownership , smartphone ownership and social media use over time . All figures are based on total sample and include all data available for each year
an unfavorable view of business corporations . Conservative and moderate Democrats , by contrast , are about as likely to hold favorable ( 50 % ) as unfavorable ( 44 % ) views of business corporations . Across income levels , those with family incomes of $ 75,000 a year or more view business corporations favorably by a 57%-39 % margin . Views are less positive among those earning less than $ 75,000
with their actual share of share
of Latino adults also shows that among Hispanic registered voters
. Despite controversy over massive spending by outside groups in the 2012 race , relatively few voters think either candidate has been too personally critical
% of Democrats and independents .
% of total expenditures , trailing Chile , the United Kingdom , Japan and South Korea . ( Although three countries — Denmark , Finland and Germany — did n’t separate households from other private - sector funding sources , their total private - funding percentages were well below the U.S. ) On average , public sources accounted for about 70 % of total higher - ed expenditures in   the 31 countries studied by the OECD , versus 38 % in the United States
% of 18- to
working together to improve
all of its videos . Other channels were more subtle in their mentions , using euph
and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , go to www.journalism
with the statement “ most elected officials care what people like me think . ” And only 37 % in Russia , 23 % in Lithuania , and 20 % in Ukraine agreed that
of the fact that Spanish interviews were added to the survey . Most of the Pew Internet surveys before 2010 were only conducted in English . The Project has added Spanish to this survey and that knocked down the overall tech - ownership numbers in some instances because respondents who wanted to be interviewed in Spanish were somewhat less likely than others to be tech non - users . This is part of a series of reports by the Pew Research Center ’s Internet & American Life Project exploring how different generations use technology ( previous reports : 2010 , 2009 , 2006 ) . All the generation labels used in these reports , with the exceptions of “
are not the only factors associated with the gender pay gap . As is the case in the U.S. , across these other 25 countries the gap increases with age , and with parenthood . As in the U.S. , women in most of these countries have more education than men ; this reduces the pay gap to some extent . It ’s difficult to know the extent to which other factors may be driving the pay gap . What is clear is that among majorities in several developed nations , there is a perception that women are at a disadvantage when it comes to job opportunities . In 2010 , Pew
% like his conduct ; 25
. That ratio has
outlets on an ongoing basis
from 2010 through 2012 . In December 2012 , 44 % expected the country to make significant progress reducing the deficit in the following years . Democrats and Democratic leaners are much more pessimistic about progress on the deficit today than they were in 2012 . Five years ago , 63 % of Democrats thought there would be progress . Today just 18 % of Democrats say this . Republicans and Republican leaners , however , are more optimistic today than five years ago : 48 % now say we will make significant progress reducing the federal budget deficit in the
% of the public
attitudes toward the U.
from 50 % to 36 % , despite Bush ’
for its lower level
that fewer refugees should be allowed into the country . And when this survey was conducted in the spring , only 36 % wanted to join the anti - ISIS coalition . Since then , the Turkish government has officially joined the U.S.-led campaign . In terms of foreign relations , Turks on balance still have negative opinions of every major world power tested , including the U.S. ( 58 % unfavorable ) , NATO ( 50 % ) and the European Union ( 49 % ) . Still , a majority in Turkey ( 55 % ) favor joining the EU , a figure that has not
% of those 50 and older . In the U.S.
of industry revenues . ( The
Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage
– notably African
views among Republicans and Democrats
% who watched or downloaded news videos . 31Younger adult Americans consume more digital video and digital news video than older ones . Nearly
some gains , they have done so at a slower rate than their male peers . The gender gap in average years of schooling illustrates this trend . The youngest Muslim men in sub - Saharan Africa gained 2.4 more years of schooling , on average , than the oldest Muslim men , while the youngest Muslim women gained only 1.7 more years of schooling over their elders
% of Hispanics do n
to fight extremists in NWFP and the Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) , while half opposed such efforts . About one
to encourage violence among its followers . Currently , 50 % say Islam is more likely to encourage violence among its followers , while 39 % say it is not more likely to encourage violence . Opinion about whether Islam is more likely to encourage violence has fluctuated over the years , but as recently as mid - July , the public was divided ( 43 % more likely to encourage violence vs. 44 % not more likely ) . Looking both domestically and internationally , Republicans are more concerned than Democrats about the rise of Islamic extremism . About eight - in - ten Republicans ( 82 % ) are very concerned when it comes to Islamic extremism in the world
– a practical and tough - minded way to achieve a compassionate end . Some of these differences across age groups may be explained by the nature of the
cross the emerging and developing countries , national income is strongly associated with higher internet access rates . Richer countries in
countries . Russia and its president also are
people 50 and older . Note
% who identify with or lean toward the Republican Party . These shares have remained steady since the last midter
( 20 % ) and 50 to
presidency . Seven - in - ten Japanese also express confidence
expectations for harm from climate change
the Democratic Party is better able to handle these issues , giving them a nine point advantage over the GOP ( 46 % vs. 37 % ) . Since taking control of the U.S. House of Representatives in the 2010 midter
the networks as “ annoying , ” “ overwhelming , ” “ boring , ” “ confusing ” and “ overrated . ” Many respondents offered the words “ addictive ” or “ addicting ” as the first thing that came to their mind , while a sizable ambi
attitudes , but the share with either uniformly liberal or uniformly conservative attitudes has grown in recent years
% ) , only about half ( 51 % ) of U.S. adults say Mormonism is a Christian religion , according to a 2012 Pew Research Center report
voters ( ages 36 and older
in views of Trump . Two - thirds of Americans with a college degree or more education ( 66 % ) – including three - quarters of those with a postgraduate degree – disapprove of Trump as president . Trump ’s job rating is more divided among those with less education . Among adults without a four - year degree , 42 % approve of
it was a desktop , while 6 % said it was a laptop . Fewer than 1 % of these one - device owners said their only device
% of coverage . About three - in - ten ( 29 %
in the information they get from national news organizations and are more likely to think the news media tend
in a religious context : 29 % say working to address climate change ( as urged by Pope Francis in an encyclical released shortly after the survey was
about the most positive and negative aspects of Clinton ’s career , 12 % volunteered her experience as secretary of state as the one thing they viewed most positively . Yet 15 % cited “ Benghazi ” – Clinton ’s handling of the 2012 attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , Libya – as the most negative aspect of her background
in 2009 , 37 % favored allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally and 54 % were opposed . For the first time in 15 years of Pew Research Center polling , fewer than
younger than 30 . Three - in - ten Democrats ages 18 to 29 give officers a cold rating . There is also a substantial racial and ethnic divide in views of police officers among Democrats . While just 32 % of black Democrats offer a warm rating of officers , that rises to 52 % among Hispanic Democrats and 71 % among white Democrats . Although white Democrats have more positive views of the police than black and Hispanic Democrats , a substantial partisan divide remains among whites : 71 % of white Democrats have a warm view of police officers , compared with 87 % of white Republicans . This gap is even more pronounced in the shares who rate officers very warmly ( 41
users ( those ages 18 - 29 ) are significantly
the number of white children or black children living in poverty ( Lopez and Velasco , 2011 ) . And by their own assessment , Latinos say they were hit harder by the recession than any other group ( Taylor , Lopez , Velasco and Motel , 2012 ) . Nonetheless , the Pew Hispanic survey finds that , compared with the public as a whole , Hispanics are more satisfied with the country ’s direction . Just 31 % of the general public ( Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , 2012 ) says they are satisfied with how things are
. The survey was fielded after President Obama ’s decision to delay any executive action extending deportation relief to more of the country ’s unauthorized immigrants . The margin of sampling error for the full sample is plus or minus 3.2 percentage points at the 95 % confidence level ; for registered voters , the margin of sampling error is plus or minus 4.8 percentage points . Among the survey ’s other findings :
choices ( 41 % approve ) than Obama received in 2009 . Eight years ago , 70 % approved of the job Obama had done explaining his plans and policies for the future and 66 % said they approved of his cabinet selections . As reported in December , early ratings for Trump also trail those given to other recent presidents at similar points in their presidential transitions , including George W. Bush , Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush . Trump ’s cabinet choices and other high level appointments are not well known to the public : In an open - ended question , just 34 % can recall the name
in 2016 , and an 86 % increase compared with the same period in 2015 . Note : A sentence in this
. In the end , these findings highlight the extent to which participants in the digital gig economy cover a wide spectrum of characteristics and a diverse range of motivations – from dedicated workers who rely heavily on their income to hobbyists
a positive impact on the country compared with five years ago , when nearly three - quarters ( 73 % ) said this . Views among older generations have changed little over this time period . As a result , older generations are now more likely than Millennials – who are much less likely than their elders to be religious – to view religious organizations positively . Millennials ’ views of the national news media also have grown more negative . In 2010 , four
with data on specific media sectors . For example , newsroom surveys conducted by the American Society of News Editors in 2012 - 2015 estimated that newspaper employees were 87%-88 % white , 63%-64 % male , and 56%-57 % white and male . Surveys by the Radio Television Digital News Association   in 2012 - 2016 estimated that television newsroom staff were 77%-79 % white and 56%-60 % male , while radio newsroom staff were 87%-91 % white and 61%-69 %
public opinion remains about evenly divided on whether Islam is part of mainstream American society and if Islam is compatible with democracy , according to a 2017 poll . The
the characteristics of these areas . ) The metropolitan areas with the largest shares of adults in upper - income households are mostly in the coastal areas of the Northeast and California . They tend to be in high - tech corridors , such as Boston - Cambridge - Newton , MA - NH , or in financial and commercial centers , such as Hartford - West Hartford - East Hartford , CT . San Jose - Sunnyvale - Santa Clara , CA , where 32 % of adults were upper - income , led among all areas in 2016 . The area with the smallest share who are upper income
% sought out some type of help or support during their most recent indident , compared with 31 % of those who were harassed by a stranger or somone anonymous . This group is especially likely to turn to other friends or family members for support : 39 % did so after their most recent encounter
% approved ) in March of his final year in office , and is nearly identical to Ronald Reagan ’s at a similar point in his presidency ( 50 % ) . Clinton finished his presidency with an approval rating of 61 % , while Reagan rallied in his final year to finish at 63 % . In March 2008 , just 28 % approved of George W. Bush ’s job performance , while 63 % disapproved . Bush finished his presidency with an approval rating of 24 % . ( For more on job ratings of past presidents , see “ Presidential
views of the Social Security Administration and the Federal Reserve , Democrats are somewhat more likely than Republicans to rate these agencies positively . In contrast , Republicans are now
% of Saudi women ages 55 to 74 had gained higher education , versus 16 % of men in that age group . While this recent educational progress has n’t brought Saudi women up to the level of the U.S. , for example , where 48 % of women ages 25 to 34 had a postsecondary degree , Saudi Arabia is
a major threat , compared with just 19 % of liberal Democrats and Democratic leaners . Overall , the share of adults who said refugees from Iraq and Syria posed a major threat fell by 9 percentage points between April 2016 and last month , especially among younger adults . Last month ’s survey also found age differences in both parties in views of the threat from Iraqi and Syrian refugees . Fewer than half of Republicans younger than 35 ( 45 % ) said these refugees were a major threat , compared with 78 % of Republicans ages 65 and older . Among Democrats , just 21 % of those younger than 35 saw refugees
people who play violent video games are more likely to be violent themselves . ” But 40 % agree
among political ideology groups . Pew Research will issue a detailed report on public attitudes about science - related topics by political groups later this spring . Survey respondents were asked : “ From what you ’ve heard or read , would you say scientists have a clear understanding of the health effects of genetically modified crops or are scientists not clear about this ? ” Two - thirds ( 67 % ) of adults say scientists do not have a clear understanding , while 28 % say scientists have a clear understanding of the health effects . Those more likely to think scientists do not have a clear understanding of the health effects of GM crops include : women and older Americans . Non
enthusiasm for Obama may complicate Democrats ’ turnout efforts . The president ’s overall job approval rating has shown virtually no change dating back to last December . Currently 44 % of the public approve of the job he is doing as president while 50 % disapprove In late April 2010 , Obama ’s job rating was slightly more positive than negative ( 47 % approve , 42 % disapprove ) . Obama ’s rating varied little over the remainder of the campaign four years ago . Obama ’s current approval measure is much higher than George W. Bush ’s at this point in the 2006 midterm , and Obama is
% ) of Americans
in the previous year . CBS said the previous year ’s
of changing a baby ’s genetic
survey by the Pew
. About a quarter ( 26
living in Beijing and Shanghai ( 53 % ) say air pollution will get worse in the next five years , compared with roughly a third ( 34 % ) of those living elsewhere in China . A recent study linked air pollution to 1.6 million deaths a year in China , with some of the most concentrated sources of pollution found in the northeast corridor that extends from Shanghai to Beijing . On the issue of corruption , optimism about improvement varies considerably by education and income . For example , 71 % of higher - income Chinese believe corruption will improve in the next five years , compared with 58 % of those with lower incomes
% of social - media - using teens say they have experienced drama among friends on the platform . More than half ( 53 % ) of teen
. But the Greeks themselves do not fare that well . They
the United States . ” Public support for NAFTA is somewhat higher today than it was in 2005 , the last time Pew Research Center   and   Gallup regularly polled about the agreement .   And after a decline in support for free trade agreements in general during the 2016 campaign , a plurality of Americans support them again , according to a separate 2017 Pew Research Center survey . In Canada , large majorities across the political spectrum support NAFTA , according to the Center ’s new survey : Conservatives ( 83 % ) and Liberals ( 82 % ) , as well as supporters of the New Democratic Party ( 70 % ) , say it has been a
And this April ,
majority ( 75
elections reflect God ’s will in some way : A majority of white evangelicals ( 56 % )
in the information they get from national news organizations and are more likely to think the news media tend
% of independents and 29 % of
numerous territorial disputes for
, a larger share
to 63 % . And 36 % of Americans say the impact
Views are largely negative in Indonesia , Japan , South Korea , and Pakistan . One striking finding from the survey is the pervasiveness of
they agree only somewhat ( 70 % vs. 11 % ) .
Party as more
debate each made up 16
their opinion of Obama
who have not graduated from college , racial and ethnic minorities , and Democrats
. This means
attitudes and practices around information privacy online
characteristics tested : Most say he is arrogant , intolerant and dangerous , while relatively few think of him as well - qualified
they understand the risks and challenges that police face . Roughly
for different groups in the survey : In addition to sampling error
2008 extended the amount
an urban , rural or suburban place and how much their state had been impacted so far by the coronavirus outbreak ) and other demographic differences associated with partisanship ( age , race and ethnicity , education , and sex ) , partisan differences remain among the biggest divides in willingness to engage in all of the activities asked about . Note : Here are the questions used for this report , along with responses , and its methodology .
across the nation that means there are a lot of families today that do n’t have a paycheck , and if you do n’t have a paycheck , it ’s hard to put groceries on the table and it ’s hard to pay the rent . ” Huckabee ’s opinion mirrors growing economic concerns among moderate Republicans who have grown increasingly sour about the current state of the economy . Over the past four years , conservative Republicans have consistently been more positive about the economy than their moderate and liberal counterparts , but the size of this gap has grown . Currently
a stable government after the withdrawal of U.S. troops , but doubts outweighed optimism by a narrower margin ( 57 % unlikely vs. 38 % likely ) . Fully 68 % of Americans say it is either very unlikely ( 35 % ) or somewhat unlikely ( 33 % ) that Afghanistan will be able to maintain a stable government after U.S. forces leave the country
% ) is more than twice as high as any other region ( such as Southern Asia
students topped the rankings for math , science , and reading on the 2009 Program for International Student Assessment ( PISA ) exam . But apparently many Chinese believed the long hours of test prep – according to the OECD 80 % of Shanghai students
ask about a person ’
are affiliated with Felipe Calderón ’s National Action Party ( PAN ) . At least six - in - ten supporters of the PRI approve of the president ’s handling of the economy ( 68 % ) , organized crime and drug traffickers ( 62 % ) and corruption ( 62 % ) . In contrast , 46 % of PAN supporters approve of the way he is dealing with the economy and corruption , and 51 % give him high marks for his handling of drug cartels .
were collected Feb. 13 - 19 , and survey
incomes of $ 75,000 or more expect conditions to worsen , that view is only held by about a third ( 35 %
rates at which
or deepening ties is
the last decade ,
the outbreak ’s broader economic impact on the nation . The vast majority ( 90 % ) say the outbreak is a major threat to the U.S. economy . In addition , the late March survey finds a significant share ( 42 % ) saying the coronavirus outbreak will cause a recession , while 16 % say it will cause a depression . Another 40 % say it will cause a slowdown of the economy but not a recession . For several weeks , many Hispanics have viewed the coronavirus outbreak as a major threat to their personal financial situation . The share saying this reached 68 % in the Center ’s latest survey
.S. Supreme Court . In June , the high court indicated it might review a 2012 Supreme Court of Oklahoma decision that struck down a law restricting the use of abortion - inducing drugs . The justices have asked Oklahoma ’s highest court for more information and , once they receive answers to their questions , they will decide whether to take the case , Cline v. Oklahoma Coalition for Reproductive Justice
in raising kids today . This compares with 29 % of those who seldom or never attend church . In addition to general concerns about society , parents who attend services at least weekly are much more likely to mention television and other media as the biggest parenting challenges than do parents
supporters who support
importance to possible court
About 70,000 former DACA participants did not renew their benefits or had their renewal applications denied . Another 40,000 have adjusted their legal status and obtained green cards
inclined to have strong
lobbying scandal , Tom Delay ’s indictment for campaign finance violations
a period that roughly starts with the launch of Trump ’s presidential campaign . Before the outbreak , over a third (
for news articles , seek out publications that evaluate the choices , and try to talk directly to experts or people with relevant experiences . ” – Man , 54 “ First , I will do a fairly rigorous web search , comparing multiple sources of information for both content and reliability . Afterward , I will follow up with books and other resources from the library . ” – Man , 45 “ All available : Web , reviews , leg work , asking questions , reviewing with my family , finding people who had the same decision to make and get their take on it . ” – Man , 54 “ Internet , books
public support . Most Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 61
in Asia is a matter of both identity and practice . Scholars and journalists have documented
from 64 % of Republicans , 76 % of Democrats and 70 % of independents . Democrats are the biggest supporters of a pathway to citizenship with 48 % favoring that option compared to
about the economy than they were just a month ago . Currently , 24 % say they have been hearing mostly bad news , half of the number that said this
s , saying it undermined the church ’s religious authority . In other Christian - majority countries , Christian minority denominations were targeted . For example , in Eritrea – where Eritrean Orthodox Christianity is the dominant faith – Jehovah ’s Witnesses reported being unable to obtain official identification documents because of their faith . In addition , the majority of religious prisoners in Eritrea in 2015 were Protestants , namely Pentecostals and evangelical Christians . While Christians were harassed in countries far beyond the
. The decreases in website audience and time spent per visit come as Americans increasingly say they prefer social media as a pathway to news . To learn more : Explore all eight fact sheets on the
% of Democrats saying their own party should compromise and 59 % of Republicans saying the GOP should compromise . And , in our recent survey
in the Western European nations in terms of disposable ( after - tax ) household
s views of the national economy were not all that positive . They declined more gradually in 2007 - 2008 and remained very negative for the next several years . After the dot - com bubble burst in the early 2000s , views of the economy slipped precipitously , but far less rapidly than they have during the coronavirus outbreak . While public views of the economy prior to the economic trouble of the early 2000s were even brighter than they were prior to the COVID-19 outbreak , it took considerably longer for perceptions to fall as far as they already have in the first three months of 2020 . While the public
of the Mexican born , the
issue in Germany ,
attitudes toward the EU - wide legislative body are mixed , although overall ratings are slightly more favorable ( a median of 50 % ) than unfavorable ( 45 % ) . The UK and Greece once again stand out for their negative assessments , while Germans and the French are almost evenly divided . CORRECTION ( March 19 , 2019 ): The above chart has been corrected to reflect an error in the reporting on negative views of the EU among those who hold favorable and unfavorable opinions of Syriza in Greece , Jobbik in Hungary and Insoumise in France . The chart title
s role in the world , as well as homosexuality . And for the first time , there is a Republican - leaning group that is deeply skeptical of business and the fundamental fairness of the nation ’s economic system . On these issues , Market Skeptic Republicans have less in common with the other groups
population will continue to fall through 2020 . ”
in those countries . And in India , with its substantial Muslim minority , 85
followed by 14 % of
in August , events in Afghanistan and Afghanistan
million households in the more affluent group rose to an estimated $ 3,173,895 from an
others is a good thing . Views on the overall benefits of trade largely align across the surveyed G20 nations , though the Japanese public is less convinced of a positive effect of trade on employment . Only about two - in - ten adults in Japan ( 21 % ) believe trade creates jobs , while 40 % believe trade does not have an impact on the creation of jobs . There is more certainty that trade creates jobs in the other G20 nations , with a median of 40 % across 15 surveyed countries believing that trade generates jobs . However , only about two - in - ten among people in Italy and Argentina say that trade creates jobs , compared
The terms “ whites ” and “ blacks ” are used to refer to the non - Hispanic components of their populations . “ Native born ” or “ U.S. born ” refers to persons born in the United States and those born in other countries to parents at least one of whom was a U.S. citizen . “ Foreign born ” refers to persons born outside of the United States to parents neither of whom was a U.S. citizen . Foreign born also refers to those born in Puerto Rico . Although individuals born in
among the countries asked about in this year ’s survey , which also included the U.S. and China . A 14 - country median of 71 % said they disliked Iran , making critical views of it more common than unfavorable opinions of the U.S. and about as common as negative assessments of China . In five of the 14 nations surveyed , Iran is the least popular country among those asked about , and in Germany it is tied with China for last place . In the Asia - Pacific region and Canada , assessments of China are more unfavorable
follow this news at
partisan gap in
increase in educational attainment among Millennials comes
the impact was positive . The Pew Hispanic Center survey was conducted by telephone from October 3 through November 9 , 2007 among a randomly - selected , nationally - representative sample of 2,003 Hispanic adults ages 18 and over ( with a margin of error of plus / minus 2.7 percentage points ) . A summary of its key findings : The terms “ Latino ” and “ Hispanic ” are used interchangeably in this report , as are the terms “ foreign born ” and “ immigrant . ” The terms “ unauthorized immigrants ” , “ undocumented immigrants ” and “ illegal immigrants
abortion should be legal
to 65%—as Mexican migration to the U.S. has slowed ( Passel , Cohn and Gonzalez - Barrera , 2012 ) . The nation ’s Hispanic - origin population differs in many other ways as well . For instance , U.S. Hispanics of Mexican origin have the lowest median age , at 25 years , while Hispanics of Cuban origin have the highest median age , at 40 years . Venezuelans are the most likely to have a college degree ( 51 % ) while
Barack Obama to
, the highest annual increase of any degree
there are “ very strong ” or “ strong ” conflicts between blacks and whites in the U.S. However , far more ( 86 % ) say there are strong conflicts between Republicans and Democrats than say the same about conflicts between blacks and
$ 32,308 in loans ( those graduating
out of the 14 largest origin groups , with a median age of 25 , compared with Cubans ’   median age of 40 . Venezuelans are the most likely to have a college degree ( 51 % ) ,
popularity . Since 2006 , the proportion of Americans who own a desktop computer has fallen slightly from 68 % to 59 % , while the proportion with a laptop computer has increased dramatically — from 30 % in April 2006 to 52 % in September 2010 . 18 - 29 year olds are currently the only major demographic group for whom laptops are notably more commonplace than desktop computers . Nearly three - quarters of 18 - 29 year olds ( 72 % ) own a laptop computer , compared with 56 % who have a desktop computer . Overall , computer ownership is most prevalent within higher - income households , as more than nine in ten households
around the world . Less than half of Americans and Europeans agree . And about six - in - ten Indians back increased military spending . Only about a third of Americans and Europeans are willing to boost current defense budgets . Indians ( 49 % ) and Americans ( 51 % ) are more in accord about the value of working with allies , even if it means making compromises . Europeans ( 44 % ) are slightly less committed to such cooperation . And Indians generally share with Europeans a faith that global economic integration is good
. Among those 50 and older , the shares
. Those saying that the U.S. does too little to address global problems has nearly doubled , from 17 % to 31 % . 33ISIS is now on the American public ’s radar as a top threat . Islamic extremist groups like al Qaeda have been at the top of the list for years in our surveys of what the public sees as major global threats to the U.S. About seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) Americans held that view in our latest poll , while 67 % of Americans say that
survey – while 39 % say the U.S. should keep troops in Iraq until the situation has stabilized . In addition , public optimism about U.S. efforts to train Iraqi security forces so they can replace U.S. troops has slipped significantly – 42 % believe the U.S. is making progress in this area while 36 % believe it is losing ground . This has been an aspect of the Iraq
about how smartphone owners use their phones ( the remainder of Chapter One , and Chapter Two ) are drawn from the October wave of the American Trends Panel , conducted October 3 - 27 , 2014 among 3,181 respondents ( 2,875 by Web and 306 by mail ) , including 2,188 smartphone owners . The margin of sampling error for the total sample of 2,188 smartphone owners is plus or minus 2.7 percentage points . For more details about this survey , see Appendix B. Data about how smartphone owners use their phones over the course of one week ( Chapter 3 ) is
country and for Obama
is the U.S. Relatively few respondents in these 16 nations think Japan or the countries of the European Union are the globe ’s leading economic power , although 25 % of Germans say it is the EU countries . 3Across most nations surveyed , confidence ratings for Barack Obama are high . This includes over 80 % confidence in his ability to handle international affairs from people in Sweden , the Netherlands , Germany , France , Australia and Canada . Confidence in Obama ’s international abilities is lower in China ( 52 % ) than in most of the other countries surveyed , but it is still positive . Meanwhile , Greeks
and the way they
. ” Yet sizable shares in both camps focus at least partly – or in many cases exclusively – on the flaws or shortcomings of the opposing candidate . Several voters , including a 41 - year - old woman who is supporting Clinton , describe their choice as “ the lesser of two evils . ” A 49 - year - old man who backs Trump says : “ As bad as he is , I think Hillary is worse for our country . ” Clinton and Trump supporters also were asked about concerns they have , if any , about their own candidate . Roughly six - in - ten Trump supporters ( 62 % ) and half of Clinton supporters
that their income and assets will last through retirement . In contrast , only about a third ( 34 % ) of those ages 60 to 64 express similar concerns ,
overview on President Obama
% of those most likely to vote . By contrast , those with mixed opinions will be only 24 % of the electorate , although they constitute 39 % of the general public . ( Click here for details about how ideological consistency is measured . ) Although overall turnout among the public is likely to be around 40 % , 73 % of those who hold consistently conservative attitudes are likely to vote in the midter
the mother does more and 9 % say
, Chris Christie and Rand
— — — —
services for their users . The Pew Research library survey
– there is much less optimism
000 adults , 18 years of age or older , conducted under the direction of ORC ( Opinion Research Corporation ) . For results based on the total sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the error attributable to sampling is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index
are the topline results and survey methodology
most recent year for
% of Democrats and Democratic lean
. Overall , one
the skills unemployed workers have and what employers want ;   a   breakdown in the efficiency   of labor markets ; or more workers living too far from the available jobs .
empty
access to such things as the content of their emails , the people to whom they are sending emails , the place where they are when they are online , and the content of the files they download . About this survey
based on the clergy ’s political affiliation . The church also reported that the Nicaraguan government used Catholic traditions and symbols when promoting political agendas , saying it undermined the church ’s religious authority . In other Christian - majority countries , Christian minority denominations were targeted . For example , in Eritrea – where Eritrean Orthodox Christianity is the dominant faith – Jehovah ’s Witnesses reported being unable to obtain official identification documents because of their faith . In addition , the majority of religious prisoners in Eritrea in 2015 were Protestants , namely Pentecostals and evangelical Christians . While Christians were harassed in countries far beyond the
. The educational divide is evident across all of the questions asked , but majorities regardless of educational attainment are able to correctly answer that the Zika virus is spread primarily by mosquito
in the less educated
of education . A majority of Democrats with no more than a high school education ( 59 % ) , as well as those with some college experience ( 54 % ) , say their side loses more than it prevails . Among the only groups who feel like they ’re winning are well - educated Democrats . Those with at least a college degree are more likely to say they feel like their side is winning ( 51 % ) than say it ’s losing ( 41 % ) . In general , younger people are more likely than older people to feel their side is winning : About a third of those under 50 (
, higher energy prices are now having a major impact on Americans ’ daily lives , with 70 % saying they are driving less to save money on gas . As was the case in the spring , Americans are largely critical of the overall performance of both major parties . But the Republicans face greater political dangers . In an early test of strength on next year ’s midter
) . The margin of sampling error for smartphone owners who completed 10 or more surveys is plus
preferences emerged in the 2016 election between
support Japan ’s participation in the TPP , according to a November 2013 poll by Asahi Shimbun , one of Japan ’s main national newspapers . Only 25 % of respondents would like to see Japan reject the pact
voter turnout . In the
( 0.2 % ) among
the main reason Congress ca n’t get things done was that the parties had grown so far apart , while 36 % said the cause was a few members who refuse to
years , and 48 % in Lebanon
“ almost constantly ”
by doubling the re
( Well under 1 % of children of unauthorized immigrants were lawful immigrants in 2014 . ) Since the end of the Great Recession , the
. Nearly eight - in - ten Democrats and Democratic - leaning
Today , 74 %
. By greater than two - to - one ( 66 % to 29 % ) , the public supports including limits on carbon dioxide and
about the influence immigrants were having on their country was also
% of those with a high school education or less . This pattern
attitudes about other issues , including the
) . There has been a similar , if less preci
( 3.4 million
“ Hispanic ” or “ Latino . ” It turns out this is true of Hispanics in Texas as well : about half ( 47 % ) say that they most often use their Hispanic origin term to describe themselves , 30 % use the term “ American , ” and 21 % use the pan - ethnic terms “ Hispanic ” or “ Latino ” most often to describe their
interest in the most covered stories of the week . Results for the weekly surveys are based on telephone interviews among a nationwide sample of approximately 1,000 adults , 18 years of age or older , conducted under the direction of ORC ( Opinion Research Corporation ) . For results based on the total sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the error attri
32,308 in loans ( those graduating from private for - profit colleges owed even more , at
unpopular globally . More than
views among Republicans and Democrats on gun violence in the
attitudes on illegal drugs and drug policies , conducted Feb. 14 - 19 among more than
countries in the 2008 Pew poll , U.S. favorability ratings are lowest in four predominantly Muslim nations — Turkey ( 12 % have a favorable view of the U.S. ) , Pakistan ( 19 % ) , Jordan ( 19 % ) and Egypt ( 22 % ) . In these nations , suspicions of American power are pervasive and extend beyond President Bush ’
42 % who say
views of individual congressional leaders are deeply divided . Republicans and Republican leaners have much more
for Disease Control and Prevention . Today , measles cases are extremely rare , but the CDC reported a spike in 2014 , with more than 600 measles cases , the first such jump in more than a decade . The CDC attributed the increase to an outbreak among unvaccinated Ohio Amish communities and cases related to an outbreak in the Philippines . Although some have linked the anti - vaccination movement to more - affluent , highly educated parents , Pew Research data show little difference in people ’s views based on income or education . About 30 % of adults living in households earning $
in the U.S.
– but it is
in the debate in
% in 2014 ) . This downward trend is part of a broader decline in the share of Christians in the U.S. , from 78 % of adults in 2007 to 71 % in 2014 . Net losses for Christians have meant net gains for religiously unaffiliated adults , who in 2014 accounted for 23 % of the adult population , up from 16 % in 2007 . 3In Latin America , where nearly 40 % of the world ’s Catholics live , Protestant populations have risen sharply . In a survey conducted in the region in 2014 , 9 % of respondents across 19 Latin American countries said they
others being harassed . For more : Read a Q&A about how and why we conducted the survey with its author , Maeve Duggan .
the gap in median income between white and black households has not changed much over the decades . In 1972 , white incomes were 1.7 times black incomes . White and black incomes have both risen since then and in 2012 white incomes were 1.7 times black incomes . The white - to - Hispanic income gap has risen since 1972 , from 1.3 in 1972 to 1.5 in 2012 . The Census Bureau has tracked Asian household incomes since 1987 . In 1987 white incomes were about 88 % of the typical Asian household . By 2012 , whites incomes were 83 % of Asian incomes . These household income figures from the Census are not adjusted for variance
toward that country ’s Muslim minority will hold , but the topic
of the U.
about the economy , especially rising prices ,
policy performance . Roughly four
ic interest went
s success more to its ability to change , while 61 % of Republicans point to its reliance on principles .
3.5 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for
public support . Sixty -
the openings rate there ( 3.9 % ) was slightly below that of the nation as a whole . The Midwest had the nation ’s highest regional openings rate ( 4.4 % ) , followed by the Northeast ( 4.1 % ) ; the rate in the West lagged behind at 3.6 % . Nationally , workers appear to be in shortest supply in two service sectors : professional / business services and healthcare / social assistance . Both had well over   1 million job openings in April – roughly one - third more than the sector with the third - highest number , accommodation and food services . All three of those sectors had openings rates of
in June ( 56 % then , 66 % now ) . As a result of these shifts in opinions since June , roughly similar shares of Trump and Biden supporters now say they are fearful , angry and proud about the country . Among Biden voters , majorities in all age groups say they are hopeful about the state of the country . But those who are 65 and older are more likely than those in other age groups to say this , while those ages 18 to 34 are least likely to say this ( 83 % of those 65 and older say this , compared with 72 % of those 35 to 64 and 60
% of the total increase ) and sporting goods , hobby , book and music retailers ( 65,
should help lower - income Americans purchase high - speed internet service , but that figure falls to just 24 % among Republicans
accountable by government if
is the case ;
at the 95 % confidence
it is plus or minus 6.9 percentage points and for
of this century , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . Yet just shy of 50 years ago , interracial marriage was illegal in more than a
. Nevertheless , the
. The margin of
is most important
and Democratic leaners remain more likely than Republicans and
. By more than two
how the church can better respond to modern
regime and the
About three - quarters of unauthorized parents residing with their U.
of the seven individual connected viewing behaviors that we measured in our survey . Some 38 % of adult cell owners reported using their mobile device to keep themselves occupied during commercials or other breaks in a program they were watching within the last 30 days.3 Young adults are especially likely to use their mobile phones to keep themselves occupied while watching television , as nearly three quarters of all cell owners ages 18 - 24 ( 73 % ) used their cell phone in this manner recently . But while this behavior is especially common among the youngest cell owners , a majority of 25 - 34 year olds and just under half of those in their mid-30s
are equally likely to indicate that
than for workers in the private sector , according to   NCS data : In 2016 , 19 % of state government workers had access to paid family leave , versus 13 % of private sector workers . Among local government workers , 15 % had access to paid family leave . While the state and local government rates held steady between 2010 and 2016 , the private sector rate has crept higher ; it was 10 % in 2010 . ( The NCS excludes federal government workers , agricultural and household workers and the self - employed . ) In private industry , access to paid family leave is most common in the finance
to improve one ’s smile , hair replacement surgery and contraceptive surgery . Most Americans ( 61 % ) say “ people are too quick to undergo cosmetic procedures in order to change their appearance in ways that are not really important , ” while a minority 36 % says “ it ’s understandable that more people undergo cosmetic procedures these days because it is a competitive world and people who look more attractive tend to have an
between the parties more generally . The
spread fake news . Of the seven social media and messaging apps included in the survey , WhatsApp and Facebook are the most widely used in India – although relatively modest shares of Indian adults ( 29 % and 24 % , respectively ) report currently using them . While this means a majority of Indians do not use these apps , the 1.35 billion - person country still has the largest number of WhatsApp and Facebook users in the
is a major problem , compared with 55 % of
Latin American countries
interest as it relates to the news media ’
of Russia in other parts of the world also are divided . A median of 41 % across the six Asia - Pacific countries surveyed say they have a favorable view of Russia , while a median of 40 % say they do not . Only around a quarter in Japan ( 25 % ) and Australia ( 26 % ) see Russia favorably , contrasted with a 56 % majority of Filipinos . In India , 49 % have a favorable opinion . Opinions in the Middle Eastern and North African , sub - Saharan Africa and South American countries polled are similarly divided , though substantial shares of people in these regions do not provide
share of the American
where 100 is the warmest , most positive rating and zero the coldest , most negative . Republicans , on the other hand , give her an average rating of 12 , and 59 % give her a zero on the scale . Republicans ’ deeply negative views of Clinton find a parallel in Democrats ’ deeply negative views of Donald Trump , who rates an average of 11 on the scale , with about two - thirds of Democrats giving him a zero rating .
of the Iraq War – when 67 % said they considered it sometimes or often justified . Republicans and Democrats express starkly different viewpoints on the pre - emptive use of military force . Nearly seven - in - ten Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 68 % ) say the use of force against countries that may seriously threaten the U.S. but have not attacked it can often or sometimes be justified . Republicans are 6 points more likely to take this view than in 2009 . However , the share of Republicans who back the pre - emptive use of force remains lower than at several points
the weekly News Interest Index , an ongoing project of the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press . The index , building on the Center ’s longstanding research into public attentiveness to major news stories , examines news interest as it relates to the news media ’s agenda . The weekly survey is conducted in conjunction with The Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , which monitors the news reported by major newspaper , television , radio and online news outlets on an ongoing basis . In the most recent week , data relating to news coverage was collected from June 2 - 8 and survey data measuring public interest in
news outlets positive marks on all seven functions )
s of Republicans ( 80 %
% of black Muslims believe the United States needs to continue making changes in order for blacks to have equal rights with whites . By comparison , nonblack Muslims are less likely
to the hurricane and its aftermath . Whether this enlarged cleavage will now persist — and translate into disagreements on larger cultural issues where racial differences have been slight or non - existent — remains , of course , an open question .
they are worn out , higher than all other age groups ( 60 % of those ages 30 - 49 , 56 % of those 50 - 64 , and 54 % of those 65 + ) . Whites are more likely than nonwhites   to say they are worn out by the amount of coverage ( 62 % vs. 54 % ) , while women ( 62 % ) are somewhat more likely than men ( 56 % ) . Independents ( 65 % ) are more likely than both Republicans and Democrats to say this ( 54 % and 55 % , respectively ) . Note : Read the full methodology and topline
coverage of climate change . Some 47 % of
of the country , a 21
slightly above the
000 adults , 18 years of age or older , conducted under the direction of ORC ( Opinion Research Corporation ) . For results based on the total sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the error attributable to sampling is plus or minus 4 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News
say the main
at their public school ( 38 % ) , compared with smaller shares in the Midwest ( 23 % ) , West ( 20 % ) and Northeast ( 13 % ) who say this . Teens in the South ( 31 % ) also are more likely than teens in the West ( 21 % ) and Northeast ( 14 % ) to invite other students to religious youth groups or worship services . The wearing of clothes or jewelry with religious symbols ( such as an Islamic headscarf or a necklace with a Christian cross ) is the religious expression that teens across the country are most likely to observe . Teens in the South are the most likely to say
they lack confidence in the Chinese president . For Republicans , this marks increased confidence in Xi since 2014 , when 65 % said they had little to no confidence in him . Democratic confidence in him has remained largely unchanged over the past five years . Fewer Americans voice confidence in Xi than say the same of leaders from other Asian nations , including Japan ’s Shinzo Abe ( 61 % confidence ) and India ’s Narendra Modi ( 42 % ) . However , many more think Xi will do the right thing regarding world affairs than North Korean leader Kim Jong Un ,
1848 , AAAS
their country ’s
t volume , audience engagement
a high - profile position for Trump since he declared his candidacy for president , and more than nine - in - ten Mexicans oppose it . U.S. favorability has typically been higher than confidence in the American president in Mexico . That remains the case this year , although the share of the public with a positive view of the U.S. has dropped steeply since 2015 . Trump receives dramatically lower ratings than his predecessor in Canada . And for the first time since the Center began polling in Canada , the share of Canadians expressing a favorable opinion of their neighbor to the south has slipped to below 50 % . Just 43 % of
the statewide increase ( +
the following week . Through much of this election
the law ’s major provisions are probably “ here to stay ” while 43 % say they probably will be eliminated . As expected , opinions about the law ’s fate are linked to underlying views of the ACA . Still , about a quarter of the law ’s supporters ( 27 % ) say its major provisions may be eliminated , while 67 % say they are probably “ here to stay . ” Conversely
the economic blow . The survey also found that Hispanics might be financially more vulnerable than other Americans if the coronavirus forces them to stop working . Around two - thirds of employed Hispanic adults ( 66 % ) say they would not get paid if the coronavirus caused them to miss work for two weeks or more , including about half ( 47 % ) who say it would be difficult to meet expenses during this time . By comparison , 54 % of employed U.S. adults overall say they would n’t get paid if they missed two weeks of work or more , including 33 % who say it would be difficult to meet expenses . Differences between
in the evangelical ( e.g. Southern Baptist Convention ) or mainline (
is a very serious problem , and six - in - ten hold this view about the loss of jobs to China . Concerns about job losses are especially common among older Americans , women , people with less education , those with lower incomes and Republicans . About half ( 52 % ) consider the trade deficit ( which totaled $ 31.6 billion in July ) a very serious problem . Even though economic issues continue to shape how Americans see China , there is slightly less concern about these perceived threats than there was three years ago , when Pew Research Center last asked these questions . Since 2012 , the share of the public describing the debt issue ( -11 percentage points
in June 2010 – this still is well above pre - recession levels ( which typically were around eight or nine weeks ) . Of the total unemployed last month , 2.4 million people ( 26.8 % ) had been jobless for fewer   than five weeks ,   up from 24 % a year earlier . The long - term unemployed , those who ’ve been jobless for more than 26 weeks , accounted for 31.5 % of total unemployed – again , well above pre - recession levels , but better than a year ago , when 35.6 % of the unemployed had been out of work
attitudes about whether it is more important to control gun ownership or to protect
results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence
issues of the Middle East , French Muslims depart company with others of their faith both in Europe and in the Muslim world . For example , French Muslims are evenly split
a swine flu vaccine in addition to the seasonal flu shot . Almost two -
the story . Overall , one - in - ten stories included a direct refutation . This jumps to about one - in - five stories with a Trump tweet ( 21 % ) , more than double the share that did not contain one ( 8 % ) . Amid these differences between stories with and without the president ’s tweets , there was one notable similarity : A large majority of both those with a tweet and those without one structured their coverage around character and leadership rather than policy . However , those with a tweet were even more likely to focus on the president ’s leadership and character ( 85 % ) than
a steep decline , especially
effect may be the impact of the events of the early to mid
of coverage , with most focused on Egypt . The week of Jan. 31 - Feb. 6 , coverage of the crisis in the Middle East made up 56 % of the newshole , the highest level for an international story since PEJ started its weekly analysis four years ago . Slightly more than a quarter ( 27 % ) say they heard a lot last week about CBS correspondent Lara Logan being attacked while covering events in Egypt . Another 42 % say they heard a little about this , while 31 % say they heard nothing at all . Women were more likely than men to say they heard a lot about
43 % )
’s population is expected to increase by 400 million by 2050 . Its projected population of 1.6 billion will be almost equal to the populations of the U.S. and China combined . China is projected   to   add only 25 million residents . 101Population losers : The populations of Japan , Russia and Germany are expected to decrease by more than 10 % by 2050 . For Japan , this means a loss of 19 million residents ; for Russia , 23 million ;
. ” Economic Attitudes – Although the real estate and stock markets have improved in 2013 , that has not been enough to dramatically jump start the public ’s economic confidence . While the Gallup Poll ’s economic confidence index is better than in 2012 , it remains mixed . In late June , it found 46 % of Americans saying the economy is getting better and 50 % saying it is getting worse . At the same time , a Pew Research Center survey found a growing number , but still only 33 % of its respondents thinking the economy would improve next year . The Pew Research report observed that economic confidence
in the benefits of
in her church , which permits lesbians and gay men to be ordained . But , she said , she has n’t come out to anyone at her church ( though she suspects both pastors have guessed ) because “ it would be an issue for some people in the church and I ’m not ready to open that
levels of educational attainment ,
know what the wishes of their terminally ill loved ones are ? A recent survey by the Pew Research Center ’s Social & Demographic Trends project found that among those ages 65
live in the South
. ” “ Some monitoring
’s image has improved .   In the aftermath of the election , the Republican Party ’s image is more positive than it has been in years . Currently , about equal shares view the GOP favorably ( 47 % ) and unfavorably ( 49 % ) . The share that views the Republican Party favorably is up 7 percentage points since October and is 14 points higher than it was in April of 2016 . Republican - leaning independents , in particular , have a much more positive impression of the Republican Party . About seven - in - ten Republican leaners ( 72 % ) have a favorable opinion of the GOP
they never go online , compared with just 8 % of those without a disability , according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in the fall of 2016 . Disabled adults are also about 20 percentage points less likely than those without disabilities to say they subscribe to home broadband , or own a traditional computer , smartphone or tablet . The amount of time people spend online also varies by disability status . Only half of disabled Americans report using the internet on a daily basis , compared to almost eight - in - ten of the non - disabled ( 79 % ) . Correction : In an earlier version of this post , the location of the photo was misidenti
. About two - thirds of renters in the same survey ( 65 % ) said they currently rent as a
view in 2010 . And while the media still receives mostly positive ratings , fewer say its influence
the middle class does not receive enough help . That compares with about half of Republicans with higher family incomes . And while 58 % of Republicans with incomes of less than $ 40,000 say the government provides too much help to wealthy people , only about four - in - ten ( 41 % ) of those with incomes of $ 40,000 or more say the same . Large majorities of Democrats across income categories say the federal government does not provide enough help for the poor and middle class , and that it provides too much help for the wealthy
( the U.
correct known demographic discrepancies . The margin of sampling
empty
. Former GOP House Speaker Newt Gingrich posted
among Americans who are on the platform . Among U.S adults with public Twitter accounts , 19 % follow President Donald Trump , while 26 % follow former President Barack Obama . Overall , 21 % follow at least one member of Congress , with 17 % following a Democratic legislator and 8 % following a Republican member . 9About half of U.S. adults who follow Donald Trump on Twitter ( 54 % ) view him favorably , compared with just 24 % of adult Twitter users who do n’t follow the president , according to an analysis based on data from late 2018 . 10
a favorable view of China , making Africa the region of the world where China ’s image is strongest . 6But the U.
s often , with just 13 % of smartphone owners reporting doing this . 7While smartphones are becoming more integrated into our lives , many users are n’t taking the necessary steps to secure their devices . A 2016 Pew Research Center survey found that 28 % of U.S. smartphone owners say they do not use a screen lock or other features to secure their phone . Although a majority of smartphone users say they have updated their phone ’s apps or operating system , around four - in - ten say they only update when it ’s convenient for them . But some smartphone users forgo updating their phones altogether : 14
Clinton as president : 69 % of
digital grounding
% plurality of Americans said the U.S. plays a less important and powerful role as a world leader compared with 10 years ago . This figure was up 26 percentage points from 2004 , when just 20 % believed American power was waning . The Chinese public , on the other hand , sees its country ’s influence on the rise . Three - quarters of Chinese believe their country is playing a more important role in the world today compared with a decade ago . And when it comes to the global balance of power , two - thirds of Chinese said in 2015 that their nation
% of consumers ,
ers in Nigeria ( 69 %
. Among white evangelical Protestants , a third ( 34
reluctant to become involved militarily
from August 18 through September 14 , 2009 among a nationally representative sample of 2,253 adults . The
The Daily Show as a place they got their news . This audience share was on par with that of USA Today ( 12 % ) and The Huffington Post ( 13 % ) among 36 different news outlets Pew Research Center asked about in a 2014 survey . Roughly
born abroad to parents at least one of whom was a U.S. citizen . “ Foreign born ” refers to persons born outside of the United States , Puerto Rico or other U.S. territories to parents neither of whom was a U.S. citizen . “ Foreign - born U.
% in 2008 . As is generally the case for views about China on specific issues , there is a notable partisan gap on the overall favorability measure . More than six - in - ten Republicans ( 63 % ) give China an unfavorable rating , compared with 51 % of independents and 50 % of Democrats . Negative assessments of China are also more common among older Americans . Fully 64 % of those ages 50 and older have a negative opinion , while just 39 % hold this view among people under age 30 .
it is more important to be tough with Russia on foreign policy disputes . This includes 71 % of Swedes who prefer tough action against Russia on foreign policy disagreements . NOTE ( April 2017 ): After publication , the weight for the Netherlands data was revised to correct percentages for two regions . The impact of this revision on the Netherlands data included in this blog post is very minor and does not materially change the analysis . For a summary of changes , see here . For updated demographic figures for
poverty — 34 %
Ratings Remain Low , Especially Among Key Allies . ” ) 12 Across the Asia - Pacific region , as well as in the U.
( 40 % ) or big (
which has changed little since
— eating , drinking and lodging services —
s news interest , though coverage had dropped significantly . About four - in - ten ( 42 % ) say they very closely followed news about the rampage that killed six and severely injured Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , little changed from a week earlier ( 45 % ) . Nearly four - in - ten ( 38 % ) say this was the news they followed most closely , with women much more likely to say this than men ( 48 % most closely vs. 29 % ) . News about the shootings – focused on Giffords ’ recovery
. By 2025 , the median age in Japan is projected to be slightly over 50 years old , while Italy is projected to hit that mark five years later , in 2030 . The U.S. and Canada are projected to have the youngest median ages of all the G7 nations by 2100 – 45.5 and 46.8 , respectively – largely due to migration to these nations from the rest of the world . Despite this migration , both the U.S. and Canada will still have older populations than the global median . Some experts say aging populations present
the same . Still , majorities in all three groups said they need to take breaks from this news from time to time ( 76 % of white , 63 % of Hispanic and 60 % of black adults ) . Note : You can find all of the data from this analysis in this interactive tool . Here are the questions asked for this survey , along with responses , and its methodology .
are Asian ) . In the two most populous U.S. states , even bigger shares of Catholics are Hispanic – fully two - thirds of Catholics in California ( 67 % ) and roughly seven - in - ten Catholics in Texas ( 72 % ) are Hispanic . American Catholics are aging . The median age of Catholic adults in the U.S. is 49 years old – four years older than it was in 2007 . Catholics are significantly older than members of non - Christian faiths ( 40 ) and people who are not affiliated with any religion ( 36 ) . Just 17 % of Catholic adults are under the age
“ How much will
coverage ( 41 % and 37 % , respectively )
change in the share saying they are bothered
Attitudes survey , especially among people who place themselves on the ideological right in Germany , even as favorable opinions of the
. Among those who say it did , somewhat more say it made their view
the country ’s economic situation will improve over the next 12 months , with roughly a third ( 34 % ) believing it will improve a lot . Individuals with higher levels of education are less optimistic about the future , however . About half ( 51 % ) of Brazilians who completed college believe the economy will improve , compared to 71 % of those without university degrees . 3Even before being charged with corruption , Brazilian President Michel Temer was less popular than his predecessors .   Temer , Brazil ’s current leader , has been charged with corruption amid allegations he participated in
views ; 94 %
to more than 38 million ;   according to the UNHCR data ,   Syria , Colombia and Iraq together
they are more concerned that the U.
more important to
for these items as a further cue to use English instead of Arabic letters . Names raise another complex issue . Arabic names can be transliterated into English in many different ways because the letters of the Arabic alphabet do n’t necessarily have direct English equivalents . For example , the Arabic name “ ???? ” can be transliterated into English at least six different ways : Hussein , Hussain , Husein , Husai
- ten ( 68
any other country in the world . Today , more than 40 million people living in the U.S. were born in another country , accounting for about one - fifth of the world ’s migrants . The population of immigrants is also very diverse , with just about every country in the world represented among U.S. immigrants . Pew Research Center regularly publishes statistical portraits of the nation ’s foreign - born population , which include historical trends since 1960 . Based on these portraits , here are answers to some key questions about the U.
” usage among slightly older adults ( those ages 25 - 34 ) also doubled — from 5 % of such internet users in May 2011 to 11 % in February 2012 — even as overall usage levels within this group remained stable over that time period . Twitter and the “ Mobile Difference ” We can also see this relationship between youth , mobility and Twitter use when looking specifically at Twitter use on mobile phones . Twitter usage is highly correlated with the use of mobile technologies , especially smartphones . One in five smartphone owners ( 20 % ) are Twitter users , with 13 % using the service on a typical day . By contrast
to say all Americans should be able to have financial data collected by their tax preparer permanently deleted ( 83 % vs. 77 % ) . Note : Here is the list of
% had a favorable view of Muslims . Just 56 % of Hindus who reported infre
of gender equality now than when the question was asked in 2017 . Three years ago , half of adults said the country had n’t gone far
a path for most unauthorized immigrants to stay in the U.
perceptions of the connection
% vs.
– double the share of teens ( 8 % ) who say they
survey conducted earlier this year in France , Germany , Great Britain , and
available to them in their most recent job search , which places the internet just behind personal and professional networks of all types on the list of Americans ’ most important job resources . In total , 45 % of recent job seekers indicate that personal or professional contacts of any kind were the most important resource they utilized in their last search for employment : 20 % cite close personal connections as their most important source of assistance , 17 % cite professional or work contacts , and 7 % cite more distant personal acquaintances . Americans increasingly reach for a smartphone when they need to accomplish a variety of online tasks and looking for work is no
the left to favor a larger role for
% for nearly all of
that this statement describes them very well : “ When I get a new electronic device , I usually need someone else to set it up or show me how to use it . ” Still , older Americans who use the internet tend to view technology in a positive light and incorporate digital technology into their everyday lives . Fully 58 % of adults ages 65 and older say technology has had a mostly positive impact on society , while roughly three - quarters of internet - using seniors say they go online on a daily basis – and nearly one - in - ten go online almost
empty
about Abe in
( 62 % ) . White evangelical Protestants , however , are less likely to share this positive view ; 43 % express a favorable view of Francis . Among white Protestants – both those who identify as evangelical and those who do not – favorable opinions of Pope Francis have increased since the decline seen in September 2018 . Note : Here are the questions used
it is more important for undocumented immigrants to get relief from deportation than it is to have a pathway to citizenship ,
in the news recently than any other Republican candidate . But Newt Gingrich ’s visibility is clearly on the rise . In September and October , virtually no one in the public , or among Republicans and Republican - leaning independents , named Gingrich as the GOP candidate they were hearing most about . Today , 13 % of the public and 19 % of Republicans and Republican leaners name Gingrich as the candidate they have been hearing the most about recently . By contrast , just 5 % of the public – and the same percentage of Republicans and GOP leaners – name Romney as the candidate
% volunteer both are
3.0 million to 3.7 million .
over the past two years . They have also fallen in the U.S. , where 51 % said the government respects individual freedoms , down from 63 % last year . 3The U.S. is still regarded as the top economic power , even more so than last year , but most people around the world continue to believe that China either will eventually replace or already has replaced the U.S. as the world ’s leading superpower . A median
in the October parliamentary elections ,
today , the
age , ethnicity , region , religion , education level and the year of the survey , although unobserved factors like domestic migration could have contributed to the trend . The Center chose to analyze this particular investment because the Lagos - Kano Standard Gauge Railway was confined to a relatively small geographic area during the study period – and because railroad infrastructure accounted for a majority of Belt and Road construction expenditures in Nigeria between 2013 and 2019 , according to the American Enterprise Institute ’s China Investment Tracker . The segment analyzed in this study broke ground in 2013 and was completed in 2016 , several months before our 2016 survey was fielded . A segment under construction near Lagos
between July 2007 and February 2008
% of independents agreed that labor unions are necessary to protect working people , down from 67 % in 2007 and 73 % a decade
in those two nations . Other Pew Research surveys have also found relatively low support for democratic rights and institutions in Russia and Pakistan.1 Another caveat in interpreting the results
horts , 82
of births outside of marriage vary only slightly by community type among Hispanic women . Adults in rural areas have lower levels of education , on average , than those living in other types of communities ( 19 % have a bachelor ’s
these views have risen and fallen dramatically . You can explore the arcs of U.
impact on how people around the world
( 73 % ) and Indonesia
will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , go to www.journalism.org .
a high - speed internet connection where they live has nearly doubled over the same time period ( from 12 % to 23 % ) . And while affordability remains a commonly cited barrier , the share of non - broadband adopters who say the cost of a monthly subscription is the most important reason for not having these services has fallen from 33 % in 2015 to 21 % today . In addition , 80 % of these non - broadband users say they are not interested in getting high - speed connections at home . These patterns underscore the reliance that a minority of Americans have on their smartphone for internet access . Some 17 % of U.
and politics – from Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein to morning news anchor Matt Lauer to the longest - serving member of Congress , John Conyers – brought widespread attention to the issues of sexual harassment , gender discrimination and gender equality . The # MeToo campaign , which spread rapidly on Twitter and Facebook in the wake of these news stories , prompted women around the country to share stories about their
( 50 % vs. 34 % )
the findings of opinion polls . The following table shows the field periods , unweighted sample sizes and response rates for each wave . The cumulative response rate takes account of the response rate for the 2014 Survey of Political Polarization ( 10.6 % ) and at
% play adventure games , 42 % play shooter games , 39 % play role - playing games , 33 % play team sport or racing games and 32 % play simulation games . Women who often or sometimes play video games are more likely than men to play puzzle games ( 72 % vs. 52 % ) . This genre is also more popular among game players ages 65 and older than among those ages 18 to 29 ( 74 % and 56 % of whom , respectively , play puzzle games ) . 3Gaming is popular among teens – especially teenage boys . More than eight - in - ten teens ( 84 % )
are hearing mostly bad news and 8 % who say they are hearing mostly good news . Opinions about the tone of economic news have changed little since the start of the year . Republicans are about as likely to say they are hearing mostly bad news about the economy ( 48 % ) as mixed news ( 46 % ) . Democrats are far more likely to say the economic news they have been hearing recently has been mixed ( 66 % ) rather than mostly bad ( 20 % ) . Partisan views have changed little since the start of the year
their top story of
attitudes on gun policy : A
% of the newshole examined by PEJ
% who speak English at least “ very well . ” Latinos ’ changing language use patterns are reflected in other ways . With English proficiency on the rise among Spanish - speaking Latinos , more than
very strongly approve of Obama ’s action . Hispanics overwhelmingly support the deportation - relief action : 81 % approve , including 59 % who very strongly approve . But non - Hispanic whites disapprove of it by nearly two - to - one ( 62 % vs. 34 % ) , with nearly half ( 49 % ) disapproving very strongly . Overall , adults 50 and older disapprove of the executive action by narrow majorities , while younger adults are more supportive of it . Overall , views are little changed about a pathway to legal status
2016 . This
, among parents with at least some work experience , mothers with children under age 18 were about three times as likely as fathers to say that being a working parent made it harder for them to advance in their job or career ( 51 % vs. 16 % ) . Analysis of government economic data suggests that most young female workers start their careers at near parity with men in wages . However
benefits for seniors with higher incomes
are again divided
public opinion in the weeks following the storm found large racial divisions in reactions to government preparations for the disaster and the handling of its aftermath . In the Pew survey conducted Sept. 6 - 7 , for example , not only were African American respondents far more likely than whites to see a racial dimension in the slowness of the government ’s response , but an even higher proportion ( 71 % of blacks compared with 32 % of whites ) felt that the disaster revealed the persistence of racial inequality . By the same token , 70 % of blacks said they felt angry because of events in the storm ’s aftermath
ability in recent years , but its advantage had narrowed following the Republicans ’ midter
to the public , and 5 % say they do not know what their congregation has done . If one looks not just at regular attenders but at all U.S. adults , still only 3 % say people are still gathering in person for religious
difference is the largest gap between Democrats and Republicans since Pew Research Center
measuring public interest in the top news stories of the week were collected April 5 - 8 , 2012
share their political views ( 65 % ) say their family is OK with talking about politics ; that ’s 17 percentage points lower than among those who say almost everyone agrees with their views . Around four - in - ten ( 42 % ) of those who say a few members share their political views say their family is OK with discussing politics – but that share falls to just 28 % among those who say almost no one in their family shares their views on politics . Note : See full topline results and methodology here (
the cost of health care affects their household ’s financial situation a lot ( 53 % ) , and nearly as many ( 48 % ) say the same about prices of food and consumer goods . Real estate values ( 37 % ) , gas prices ( 37 % ) and the availability of jobs ( 34 % ) are mentioned by about a
elections will take place in winter ( late January ) .
earnings for 20- to 24 - year - olds , in constant dollars , fell from $
with Washington , with about eight - in - ten endorsing this idea . Support for closer economic and political ties with the U.S. prevails across most demographic
are few gender differences in social networking usage , although in Turkey 37
to U.S
ages 50 to 64 are evenly divided , while those 65 and older are the only age group in which a majority ( 55 % ) prefer a smaller government . Republicans and Democrats are sharply divided in their views of the size of government . About three - quarters of Republicans ( 74 % ) say they prefer a smaller government providing fewer services . A nearly identical share of Democrats ( 76 % ) say they prefer a bigger government providing more services . Among conservative Republicans , more than eight - in - ten ( 83 % ) prefer a smaller government that provides fewer services ; an identical share
in the market . Most VoIP services offer customers a range of features including voicemail , CallerID , call forwarding , 3 - way calling , and call blocking . Customers
s since the founding of the Turkish Republic in 1923 – and a 55
empty
of both groups say women are most successful in politics if they do n’t
donation have contributed to
view of these firms and their overall impact . For instance , larger shares of older adults think major technology companies often fail to anticipate how their products and services will impact society , that these companies have too much power and influence in today ’s society , and that they should be regulated more than they are currently . And while sizable shares of both age groups think it likely that social media companies censor political speech that those companies find objectionable , that view is shared by a larger majority of older ( 81 % ) than younger ( 67 % ) adults .
-worries-divides-
events reflected broader societal problems . Those who see broader social problems behind the shooting offer a variety of explanations . When asked to describe
disposa
a news story on a cell phone or on a smart phone . A similar pattern holds for video news consumption ; on any given day , Twitter users are just as likely as others to watch news on a TV , and just as likely to watch video news
for its Smith coverage than for its reporting on the 2008 presidential campaign and on the mounting tensions between Iran and the U.S. Roughly half of those following each story give the press excellent or good ratings for its coverage . High press ratings for tabloid stories are not unusual . The press received similarly high marks for its coverage of the O.J. Simpson murder case and , more recently , the murder of Laci Peterson . These findings are based on the most recent installment of the weekly News Interest Index , a new initiative by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press . The index , building on the Center
on Capitol Hill were keeping their
“ McCain ’s Negatives Mostly Political , Obama ’s More Personal ” released
3.2 million in 2019 , the same as in 2018 . Puerto Rico ’s population had steadily declined for about a decade , with its sharpest drops occurring in 2017 and 2018 . In 2017 , Hurricanes Maria and Irma hit the island , leading many Puerto Ricans to leave for the 50 states and D.C. , especially Florida . Even before the hurricanes , however , the island ’s population had experienced a steady , long - term decline due to a long - standing economic recession . Note : This is an update of a post originally published July
of the economy – and the impact of Trump ’s policies – continue to be deeply divided along partisan lines . Currently , 81 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents say the economy is excellent or good . These views have changed only modestly over the past two years . But between November 2016 ( just before Trump ’s victory in the presidential election ) and March 2017 the share of Republicans with a positive view of the economy approximately doubled , from 18 % to 37 % . And by November 2018 , they had doubled again , to 75 % . By contrast , Democrats ’ assessments of economic conditions have changed only modestly since before Trump took office
in Iraq and Afghanistan were not worth fighting . Additional findings from the same survey show that about two - thirds of veterans ( 64
is mostly bad , while 38 % say they are hearing
to news about the IRS losing employee emails . The new national survey by the Pew Research Center conducted among 1,002 adults finds that fewer Americans tracked news about the World Cup soccer tournament in Brazil ( 17 % ) , the 2014 midter
personality , with 19 % specifically mentioning his consistency ( or lack of it ) . The public gives comparably favorable ratings for Congress
in Canada . And for the first time since the
electoral clout of today ’s young adults , Millennials
of Republicans ( 30
% say it is important
to K-12 students ? When asked about schools ’ responsibility to provide laptop or tablet computers to students in order to help them complete their schoolwork at home during the coronavirus outbreak , 37 % of Americans say K-12 schools have this responsibility to all students , and 43 % say they are only responsible for providing these resources to students whose families can not afford them
ers name Reagan , while nearly as many mention Obama ( 41 % ) or Clinton ( 39 % ) . Reagan is the top choice among Boomers ( ages 54 to 72 ) and Silents ( ages 73 to 90 ) ; about four - in - ten in the two older generations name Reagan ( 42 % of Boomers , 38 % of Silents ) . But within both generations , there are a range of opinions , with Obama , Kennedy , Clinton and Trump all receiving mentions from 15 % or more Boomers and Silents . As was the case in 2011 , many people , including many in the president ’s own
a “ slippery slope ” toward more government power . The survey finds that gun control supporters continue to lag gun rights
are represented by Democrats ,
off is at least as steep among young voters who intend to vote Republican . Second , other segments of Obama ’s electoral base – notably
is most important to their own nation ’s foreign policy . In the
. U.S. deportation
“ should continue
man , compared with
people experience the internet
to the Academy Awards ( 36 % vs. 20 % ) . With coverage under the 2010 health care law going into effect Jan. 1 , 30 % of adults closely followed news about the rollout last week . About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) closely followed news about the economy . Other news stories last week garnered less interest . Fewer than two - in - ten ( 16 % ) closely followed news about recreational marijuana shops that opened legally in Colorado , while 13 % followed news about a research ship that was trapped in ice off Antarctica . About one - in - ten ( 11 % ) followed either violence
likely than the general U.S. public to believe in core parts of the American dream – that hard work will pay off and that each successive generation is better off than the one before it . Yet many Hispanics see the American dream as hard to reach , and belief in it declines as immigrant roots grow distant , according to newly released results from a Pew Research Center 2016 survey of Hispanic adults . More than three - quarters of Hispanics ( 77 % ) said at the time that most people can get ahead with hard work , a higher share than among the U.S. public ( 62 % ) in 2016 . For
are very strong (
between police and blacks ( 75 % ) , and left
were similar differences by
ing more unauthorized
make their country
. However , the U.
% of the Christian population
view in 2010 . And while the media still receives mostly positive ratings , fewer say its influence is
— from 16.8 % in 1983 to 6.7 % three decades later . The reasons for that decline are many and heatedly
known outlets . By this metric , several of
job security . They may be sticking with their current employers due to a dearth of opportunities to get a better job with a different employer . But , in any event , their reported tenure makes clear that the “ job - hopping Millennial ” characterization does not fit the broad Millennial workforce . The trend is different among less - educated young adults . For example , among Millennials with a high school education , 70 % of men and 69 % of women had been with their employer
public support . Sixty -
they were following news about Foley ’
. More than two -
were more likely than Republicans and
. VA projections
countries . Still , the technology market in India is booming as the country becomes more of a regional and global economic player . Assuming the Indian economy continues to grow over time , technology companies will have an increasing number of Indian consumers . And it is likely that these technologies will become more integrated into the vast democratic process of an Indian election . Pew Research Center survey on technology usage in India was conducted between December 7 , 2013 , and January 12 , 2014 ( for more details , see the methodology from Indians Reflect on Their Country & the World , released March 31 , 2014 ) . Here are the topline results and survey methodology .
( 3.1 million ) , New York ( 2.0 million ) and Arizona ( 1.2 million ) . U.S. Latinos make up 43 % of eligible voters in New Mexico , the highest
. Nearly six - in - ten liberal Democrats ( 58 % ) say that Cuba will become more democratic over the next
incomes of $ 100,00 or more said that people like themselves would gain rather than lose influence under Bush . By a smaller
it is their main source of news – but that is down from 74 % three years ago and 82 % as recently as 2002 . The national survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , conducted Dec. 1 - 5 , 2010 among 1,
.S.
to 2.
With refugees continuing
. Looking at the week ’
and Democratic leaners are in sync in
” of discrimination against Muslims in the U.S. , a view shared by nearly seven - in - ten adults in the general public ( 69 % ) . In addition , half of U.S. Muslim adults ( 50 % ) say that in recent years it has become more difficult to be a Muslim in the U.S. , with 10 % of this group attributing this to discrimination , racism and prejudice . In general ,   nearly a quarter   of U.S. Muslim adults ( 23 % ) view discrimination , racism or prejudice as the most important problem facing American Muslims today . The FBI collects hate crime data from about
they do n’t spend enough time with their children . Among working dads who say they spend too little time with their kids , only 49 % say they are doing an excellent or good job as a parent . In contrast , among dads who say they spend the right amount of time with their kids , 81 % give themselves high marks for their parenting . The journal article found that – just as with mothers ’ time – the amount of time dads spend with their children does not have a significant impact on the children ’s well
younger than 30 say homosexuality should be accepted by society ; 61 % of those ages 30 to 40 and 55 % of those ages 50 and older share this view . In addition to demographic differences , an ideological divide on views of homosexuality is also notable in the U.S. , where more than eight - in - ten ( 85 % ) liberals and 65 % of moderates express tolerant views , compared with 44 % of conservatives . In the four Western European countries surveyed , at least three
. Nonetheless , support for expanded offshore drilling remains lower than in February 2010 ( 63 % ) . Since last June , support for expanded offshore oil and gas drilling has increased across most demographic and political groups . Still , while support has jumped by nearly 20 points since then among both Republicans and Democrats , there continues to be a sizable partisan divide in these opinions : 81 % of Republicans favor allowing more offshore oil and gas drilling in U.S. waters , compared with 54 %
and older – including 30 % of those 65 and up – say a major reason is they that feel too old to date . Note :
: In legal occupations
to 44 % today
without a college degree ( 56 % ) . Among whites , educational differences are even more pronounced . About seven - in - ten ( 72 % ) of those with a postgraduate degree , and 63 % of those with a college degree , are opposed to an expanded wall . By contrast , a 57 % majority of those with a high school diploma or less education favor expanding
coverage of demonstrations , while 18 % think the amount of coverage has been about right and 11 % say there has been too little coverage . By contrast , 43 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners think there has been the right amount of coverage , 29 % think there has been too little and 26 % say there has been too much media coverage of demonstrations these days . Half ( 50 % ) of those ages 65 and older believe there has been too much media coverage of protests , marches and demonstrations these days ; in contrast , 34 % of
% of the Christian population
% approve of the way Obama is handling the economy , while 65 % disapprove . Only about one - in - five independents ( 21 % ) give Obama positive marks on the economy , while 75 % disapprove . About a
January 2010 , 39 % said his State of the Union would be more important than past addresses . The survey finds that just 23 % are satisfied with current national conditions , which is little changed from the last few months . And compared with the late 1990s , there is far less optimism about the country ’s long - term future . In May 1999 , when the economy was thriving , 70 % were optimistic about the future of the U.S. over the next 50 years , while only 27 % were pessimistic . Pew Research ’s report on that survey – “ Optimism Reigns , Technology Plays
country for at least
. Fully 63 % of the French hold the opinion that the National Front ’s success has been bad for France , while just 36 % believe it has been good . And the Poles are split over the emergence of the conservative , economically libertarian Congress of the New Right party . Roughly a third ( 36 % ) say it has been good for Poland , while 39 % believe it has been bad ; 25 % voice no opinion .
. There continues to be an educational divide in views of Trump . Two - thirds of Americans with a college degree or more education ( 66 % ) – including three - quarters of those with a postgraduate degree – disapprove of Trump as president . Trump ’s job rating is more divided among those with less education . Among adults without a four - year degree , 42 % approve of
increase in inter
published on May 28
American religious groups : 37
000 adults , 18 years of age or older , conducted under the direction of ORC ( Opinion Research Corporation ) . For results based on the total sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the error attributable to sampling is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index
and Democratic leaners have also become somewhat less likely to say that the worst of the pandemic lies ahead , though
median age of any
the purpose for humans or
at home than it does at
. Here are the
they have signed a petition on gun policy ( 12 % of gun rights supporters ,
have a fair amount of confidence in medical
as immediate relatives of
“ a lot ” of values , while another 39 % say U.S. Latinos share “ some ” values and an additional 19 % say that they share few or no values . By similar shares , Latinos living in this country are divided about how many values they share with Latinos living in their families ’ country of origin . In another finding that reflects diversity within the Latino community on matters of values and identity , just one - in - five ( 20 % ) survey respondents say they most often describe themselves by the pan - ethnic labels “ Hispanic ” or “ Latino .
vote preference remains fairly even . Among registered voters , 47 % would vote for the Democratic candidate today or lean Democratic and
are white and Asian ( 18 % ) , Asian and Native Hawaiian / Pacific Islander ( 18 % ) , and white and Native Hawaiian / Pacific Islander ( 12 % ) . Interestingly , Hawaii is the only state to have a tri - racial group as its largest multiracial group , one that includes white , Asian and Native Hawaiian / Pacific Islander ( 22 % ) . There is also wide diversity within the Asian race subgroup , with people claiming roots in China , Japan and the Philippines – nations from which immigrants arrived with the growth of the sugar cane industry in the mid-1800s . Hawaii ’
use auto - delete apps , more than four times the share among those 30 - 49 ( 13 % ) and six times the share among those 50 or older ( 9 % ) . Similarly , 42 % of smartphone owners ages 18 to 29 use more general messaging apps like WhatsApp or Kik , compared
a political gathering . The latest national survey by Pew Research Center , conducted June 27 to July 9 among 2,505 adults , finds that 52 % of Americans say they are paying more attention to politics since Donald Trump ’s election ; 33 % say they are paying about the same amount of attention , while 13 % say they are paying less attention to politics . Nearly
in 2006 and Obama appears to be less of a drag on his party ’s midterm prospects than Bush was . Obama ’s job approval rating stands at 44 % while Bush ’s was 35 % at the same point in the 2006 midterm year , according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted April 23 - 27 . But Obama can look with some envy at where his Democratic predecessor — Bill Clinton — stood in his
it is in their
years . That ’s almost 12 years older than the global median . Of the 20 countries and territories worldwide with the highest median ages , 14 are in Europe – led by Italy , Portugal and Germany . In fact , Italy trails only Japan when it comes to the world ’s highest median age and the share of those ages 60 and older . Even Albania , which has the lowest median age ( 36 ) of the European countries measured by the UN , is fairly old in a global comparison . And while Albania is the region ’s youngest country as measured by median age , Ireland is the country with the largest share of
in the wake of the historic
opinions of Germany , the EU , the U.S.
18 points since December
this is their bigger concern than
. ” Moreover , the number who describe the campaign as “ interesting ” increased sharply over the summer , from 31 % in June to 50 % currently . Reflecting the campaign ’s recent nasty turn , however , more voters also characterize the
. Opinions about
% of members in the first and much smaller Congress of 1789 - 91 were foreign born . About a century later ,
conditions were excellent or good . Nearly six - in - ten Americans ( 58 % ) know that the national unemployment rate has been decreasing in recent months . About a third ( 32 % ) say incorrectly that the rate has been going up . Better educated people are more likely than those with less education to be aware of recent declines in the unemployment rate . There also is a modest partisan gap : 66 % of Democrats say the unemployment rate has been decreasing
the nation ’s food supply chain , are considered essential jobs . Unauthorized immigrants in these four industry groups accounted for more than 9 % of
the basic approach of
s problems . Only about four - in - ten ( 39 % ) say elected officials could do no better than the politicians . The belief that ordinary people are superior problem - solvers is particularly widespread among the minority of Americans ( 22 % ) who say they are angry with the federal government . Among those angry at government , 73 % say ordinary Americans could do better than politicians . That compares with 53 % of those
. Still , only two - in - ten ( 20 % ) of this group rate scientists as understanding very well the health risks and benefits of GM foods . These differences associated with science knowledge are in keeping with findings in the Science and Engineering Indicators and other research showing a modest positive relationship between science knowledge and general views about science and scientists . Science knowledge is not strongly connected with people ’s degree of concern about the issue of GM foods or their focus on eating healthy and nutritious foods .
person will be
relatively stable since about
% approved ) in March of his final year in office , and is nearly identical to Ronald Reagan ’s at a similar point in his presidency ( 50 % ) . Clinton finished his presidency with an approval rating of 61 % , while Reagan rallied in his final year to finish at 63 % . In March 2008 , just 28 % approved of George W. Bush ’s job performance , while 63 % disapproved . Bush finished his presidency with an approval rating of 24 % . ( For more on job ratings of past presidents , see “ Presidential job
are playing a larger role in the dating environment
they would like a
receive enough assistance ( 32
during the campaign – are more divided and much more in line with the views of the rest of Italian society . Among Five Star supporters , 49 % say immigrants are an economic burden , compared with 40 % who say they make the economy stronger . And while a majority of Five Star backers ( 55 % ) say immigrants increase the risk of terrorism in their country , a sizable percentage ( 42 % ) say immigrants do not increase terror risks . 3Five Star and League supporters are more opposed to the European Union than the rest of the Italian public . Roughly three - in - four who support each of the two parties believe some EU powers
in the U.S. president , regardless of who that was , over the past 15 years . Today , just 15 % in Lebanon , 11 % in Turkey and 9 % in Jordan have confidence in Trump . 5Japan and South Korea have sharply lower confidence in the U.S. president , but majorities remain favorable toward U.S. overall
ove survey researchers to find ways to close this education gap at the data collection stage rather than relying on weighting to fix it . In
of the U.S. space program , such as the space shuttle program and the International Space Station . About two - thirds ( 64 % )
the greatest threat to
views have changed little in the
and among all Salvadorans , only 5 % are mainline Protestants and 32 % are evangelical
before the election – is apt to contain a
vs. 23
a negative opinion of
a preference for smaller government as opposed to a larger government providing more services . But even given that preference , there was not a great deal of support for decreases in
about gun policy , including 5 % who have done so in the past year
who are Latino has been growing , and suggest that this share is likely to continue to grow . Indeed , among Catholic Millennials , there are about as many Hispanics as whites . ( For information on the demographic characteristics of U.S. Catholics , including age , education , income and more , see “ America ’s Changing Religious Landscape . ” ) 4 Compared with some other religious groups , Catholics are fairly evenly dispersed throughout the country : 27 % live in the South , 26 % in the Northeast , 26 % in the West , and 21 % of U.S.
impact “ not too well , ” while 23 % say they do not understand this at all . A large
% expect the war in Syria to end in the
the trade numbers this
million people used the social - networking service on any given day . These days , Facebook ’
. Similarly , 41
the highest share
with public Twitter accounts1 over a period of one year surrounding the 2018 midter
conditions were excellent or good . Nearly six - in - ten Americans ( 58 % ) know that the national unemployment rate has been decreasing in recent months . About a third ( 32 % ) say incorrectly that the rate has been going up . Better educated people are more likely than those with less education to be aware of recent declines in the unemployment rate . There also is a modest partisan gap : 66 % of Democrats say the unemployment
the perception gap between the U.
the shift among both Democrats and Republicans is more pronounced today than it was in either 2001 ( when GOP views grew more positive and Democratic views more negative after the transition from Clinton to Bush ) or in 2008 ( when Democratic views became more positive and Republican
dedicated to primaries around the country , but the public was not especially engaged with that story : While 20 %
. In the post -
. About six - in -
the average number of naturalizations annually has increased from fewer than 150,000 in the 1970s to more than 650,000 since the mid-
sample . Sampling errors and statistical tests of significance take into account the effect of weighting . The following table shows the error attri
to that law
those whose primary religious identity
of the U.
interests of countries like China into account in its foreign policy decisions . Most strikingly , China heads the list of countries that are
see such stories and
people are rich
empty
Iowa caucuses , where he only lost to
s attitudes and/or policies toward Muslims . About one - in - ten ( 9 % ) identify no problems . Muslims also were asked whether they had experienced specific types of discrimination over the previous 12 months . About one - third ( 32 % ) say that others have acted suspicious because they are Muslim , one - fifth say they had been called offensive names , and 18 % say airport security had singled them out . One - in - ten ( 10 % ) say they had been singled out by other law enforcement officers and 6 % say they have been physically threatened or attacked . Overall , 48 % of respondents
turnout reported by the Census Bureau and the actual national vote tallied by election officials widened in
two decades in fiscal 2018 , it was not the first time that prosecutions for this offense saw dramatic year - over - year growth . Prosecutions for illegal entry rose by more than 250 % in a single year under President George W. Bush , soaring from 14,790 in fiscal 2007 to 52,087 in fiscal 2008 , according to BJS . The growth that year came as the federal government expanded the use of a program called “ Operation Streamline ,
they had a positive opinion of the EU in the 2009 poll , down 36 percentage points from five years ago . Russia fares even
attitudes before being permitted to enter the country . Some media reports said he specifically referred to Muslim immigrants , which he denied . 4New Zealand had “ low ” levels of social hostilities involving religion in 2016 ( with a Social
the Democratic Party is friendly toward religion , less than half the number who said this in 2008 ( 23 % ) . Moderate and liberal Republicans are 11 percentage points less
in the midterm campaign four years ago ( 55 % to 42 % ) and the
about 43,000 , a figure that increased to about 53,000 by 2019 . The increase of more than 9,000 jobs in the non - newspaper industries nearly offset the loss of about 11,000 newspaper newsroom employees after 2014 . However , it fell far short of offsetting the total loss of about 36,000 newspaper jobs over the entire 2008 - 2019 period . The dramatic decline in employment at newspapers means that newspapers now account for a much smaller portion of overall newsroom employment than in the past . In 2008 , newspaper newsroom employees made up about six - in - ten ( 62 %
and Spanish , to a nationally representative sample of over 1,060 teens ages 13 to 17 and a parent or guardian from September 25 to October 9 , 2014 and February 10 to March 16 , 2015 . In the fall , 1016 parent - teen pairs were interviewed . The survey was re - opened in the spring and 44 pairs were added to the sample . For more on the methods for this study , please visit the Methods section at the end of this report .
Donald Trump ’s first actions
in the upper - income tier increased from 14 % to 20 % , and the
in 2006 , the public was divided on whether they kept their promises ( 40 % said they did , 38 % said they did not ) . Neither party has come close to the positive views of the GOP after they gained control of Congress in the 1994 midter
as an enemy ( 38 % ) rather than as a competitor ( 53 % ) or partner ( 8 % ) . Among Democrats , 19 % describe China as an enemy , while 61 % call it a competitor and 19 % say they consider the country a partner . The share of Republicans who describe China as an enemy has increased 21 percentage points since 2012 , compared with a more moderate increase of 8 points among Democrats . When it comes to views of economic ties with China , Democrats are more likely than Republicans to describe them as bad ( 73 % vs. 63 % ) . Republicans generally support taking a tougher policy approach to China than Democrats
the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party and the violence was
. The News Interest Index survey will collect data from Friday through Monday to gauge public interest in the most covered stories of the week . Results for the weekly surveys are based on telephone interviews among a nationwide sample of approximately 1,000 adults , 18 years of age or older , conducted under the direction of ORC ( Opinion Research Corporation ) . For results based on the total sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the error attributable to sampling is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical
in 1984 . Throughout Reagan ’
and the weather and 3
( is no longer statistically significant
and 44 % of those with a high school diploma or less say they typically play shooter games , compared with 32 %
move to their country
choose which problem is greater ,
are 16 % of working moms .   And among the foreign born , the share living below the poverty line is 47
. Americans overwhelmingly think that it would
. The survey was commissioned by The Pew Charitable Trusts ; Pew Research Center is a subsidiary of The Pew Charitable Trusts . 1 Despite being less interested in politics , drop - off voters were about as likely as consistent voters to say that people like them are able to improve their local communities , and most drop -
“ African American sounding names ” were 16 % less likely to be accepted as guests , and black and minority users have used the # airbnbwhileblack hashtag to share their frustrations and highlight possible discrimination . In response to these concerns , a group of senators recently asked the Federal Trade Commission to open an investigation into the home - sharing industry . And just this week , Airbnb hired former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to develop an anti - discrimination policy for the platform . Blacks overall make significantly less use of the range of
to the United States . ( Indeed , most U.S. Muslims – 58 % – are immigrants themselves . ) And about two -
( 45 % ) . About four - in - ten say that which partner wanted to take more time off ( 40 % ) or who earned more money ( 35 % ) were deciding factors , while 22 % say
people to check “ some other race ” on the form and write in their ancestry . The
influence . Half or more also believe the media , national government , religious leaders and President Peña Nieto have a positive impact on the nation . Meanwhile , fewer
% of the U.S. population in 2015 . ) When the 92nd Congress took office in 1971 , there were 13 black members (
emphasized their curiosity about the world and others emphasized the
the country ’s malaise , he detailed a lit
. Currently , 47 % of
but no longer do so , and we also asked this group to tell us — in their own words — what made them stop using the site . Although the number of respondents who answered this question is too small to report detailed percentages , their answers covered many of the same themes of those who continue to use Facebook but have taken a break in the past . Some of their direct thoughts : “ It ’s a gossipy thing . ” … “ I did n’t like to talk too much . ” …
an active and creative higher power behind the origins and development of human life . So while the U.S. may be slightly less religious now than in the past , religion ’s place in the nation ’s collective consciousness has remained strong – certainly much stronger than the authors of the Time article
s largest Hispanic population by far , with about 15 million Hispanic residents , accounting for 38 % of the state ’s population . ( Texas is a distant second , with 10 million Hispanics , and Florida is an even more distant third with just 5 million Hispanics . ) California ’s lowered Hispanic population projections mirror national projections . The U.S. Census Bureau has reduced Latino population projections by nearly 30 million by 2050 compared with those published in 2008 . The bureau
likely than liberals ( 34
statements they were asked to
Two - thirds ( 67 % ) of those eligible for citizenship had obtained it by 2015 , according to Pew Research Center estimates . The share of those eligible who have naturalized is at its highest
compared with 38 % of those who do not use fitness trackers .
are more likely than Democrats and Democratic lean
These views have not changed much since the mid-
give the pope favorable marks . ( Pope Francis visited Israel and the Palestinian territories about two weeks after the survey was conducted . ) However , the pope receives his most negative ratings in Egypt ( 35 % unfavorable ) , Jordan ( 34 % ) and Turkey ( 32 % ) . Like many other countries with small Catholic populations , the pope is relatively unknown
during the year .
a major threat to the U.S. And as the economic fallout from the COVID-19 crisis becomes clearer , Americans increasingly see the condition of the global economy as a threat . Since 2017 , concerns about the state of the world economy have risen 18 percentage points , from 37 % saying it was a major threat in 2017 to 55 % who say so today . A majority of Americans also see global climate change and Russia ’s power and influence as major threats , although stark partisan divides characterize each of these issues . In general , Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents tend to be more concerned than Republicans and
their country to accept
( 68 % ) , the Netherlands ( 66 % ) and Spain ( 65 % ) . Spaniards , in fact , were more approving of the EU ’s response than of their own country ’s ( 65 % vs. 54 % ) . As coronavirus cases grew exponentially across much of Europe in the spring , the EU closed external borders and began talks on a new financial recovery package . The Center ’s survey began shortly after this news was announced , and as surveying progressed , the EU recommended reopening borders
and Democratic - leaning
in the six
a 2012 Pew
. Results for
in the West Bank hurts Israel ’s security . More than
s Current Population survey . Sampling errors and statistical tests of significance take into account the effect of weighting . The following table shows the error attributable to sampling that would be expected at the 95 % level of confidence for different groups in the current survey , conducted April 23 - 26 , 2010 : In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind
a very serious problem ,
about six types of online and mobile activities they may be engaging in due to the outbreak . Roughly a
the most recent installment of the weekly News Interest Index , an ongoing project of the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press . The index , building on the Center ’s longstanding research into public attentiveness to major news stories , examines news interest as it relates to the news media ’s coverage . The weekly survey is conducted in conjunction with The Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , which monitors the news reported by major newspaper , television , radio and online news outlets on an ongoing basis . In the most recent week , data relating to news coverage were collected June 28 - July 4 , and
to their potential impact in the party is that they are more enthusiastic , by a 52 % to 35 % margin , about voting in this year ’s midter
April , respectively .
( 33 % ) of conservative Republicans
and Scotch - Irish populations , and 2011 - 2015 five - year estimates for state - level populations . Note
empty
the economy is recovering ,
the most - followed individual accounts by U.
% of Ghanaians said corrupt political leaders were a top issue ,
of the U.
opinions of Christians , and while their views of Jews are less positive than those of Western publics , they are far more positive than those of Muslim
will be worse off . Even among those who say the decision to
differences on this question . About eight - in - ten ( 78 % ) Republicans say too many people are easily offended , while just 21 % say people should be more careful to avoid offending others . Among Democrats , 61 % think people should be more careful not to offend others , compared with 37 % who say people these days are too easily offended . The
lock in Washington – and the toll it has taken on their fellow citizens ’ hearts . Overall , 49 % of adults think interpersonal trust has been tailing off because people are less reliable than they used to be . 2Nearly two - thirds ( 64 % ) say that low trust in the federal government makes it harder to solve many of the country ’s problems . About four - in - ten ( 39 % ) who gave follow - up answers on why this was the case cite domestic concerns , topped by immigration and border issues , health care , racism and race - related issues , or guns and gun violence
Attitudes Project . Face - to - face interviews were conducted with 2,254 adults in India from April 9 to April 30 , 2010 . The sample , which is disproportionately urban
the Wright controversy mentioned most frequently ( by 60 % of those who cited a specific event ) . Descriptions included “ the debacle concerning the Rev. Wright , ” “ the mess with his preacher ” and “ Jeremiah ’s opinions . ” According to exit polls in North Carolina and Indiana , roughly half of the primary voters in those states said Obama ’s relationship with Wright was an important factor in their vote . Those who said this was important voted overwhelmingly for Clinton . And exit polls in both states found late deciders backing Clinton to a greater extent than those who made up their minds earlier . Rev. Wright ’s reemergence as
situation as good .
– express the least support for abortion . A majority ( 52 % ) in these states say that abortion should be illegal in all or most cases
to citizenship for unauthorized immigrants who meet certain requirements , a majority ( 55 % ) said deportation relief is more important than a pathway to
. The Soviet Jews brought a secular mindset to Israel , and more than two decades later , Jews who were born in the former Soviet Union continue to
– to conversations about racism and discrimination and , therefore , blacks who have attended college might have a greater awareness of these issues . Other research suggests that college itself could be an isolating time for some black students that might give rise to perceptions of discrimination . For example , some studies have found that blacks attending majority - white institutions are more likely than those enrolled at historically black colleges or universities to report feelings of race - related stress or lower levels of faculty support . In late 2015 , a slew of college protests centered on racial discrimination and lack of diversity on college campuses . William A. Darity Jr. , a professor of public
. Overall , 62 % of postgraduate
countries . Most Russians say that Western sanctions are having an effect on their economy , and nearly half ( 47 % ) say it is a major effect . This concern is little changed from surveys in 2015 and 2017 . Relatedly , 80 % of Russians see NATO as a military threat , with 45 % stating it is a major threat . Similar sentiments toward the organization were shared in 2015 and 2017 . Russians are increasingly likely to say their country plays a more important role in the world today than it did 10 years ago . Overall , 72 % of Russians say this now compared to 59 % who did in 2017
to the aging of the Baby Boomers , who now make up the bulk of this age group . ( As of 2015 , Baby Boomers ranged in age from 51 to 69 . ) During their young adulthood , Baby Boomers had unprecedented levels of divorce . Their marital instability earlier in life is contributing to the rising divorce rate among adults ages 50 and older today , since remarriages tend to be less stable than first marriages . The divorce rate for adults ages 50 and older in remarriages is double the rate of those who have only been married once ( 16 vs. eight per 1
about the earthquake in Chile most closely , while that story accounted for 10 % of the newshole . Americans
who attended historically black colleges versus predominately white institutions prior to 1968 because the government did not systematically collect racial and ethnic statistics for all higher education institutions before then , according to an NCES report . But a majority of black students were still enrolled at traditionally black colleges up until the early 1970s , according to statistics cited by the NCES . Despite lower shares of blacks attending these institutions , HBCUs still account for a fair number of college degrees earned by black students : Around 27,000 bachelor ’s degrees were awarded to black HBCU students in 2015 , making up 15 % of all bachelor ’s degrees earned
that report – with
It ’s worth noting , though , that almost four - in - ten Americans ( 38 % ) said they could n’t name any gay or lesbian entertainers or public figures , including 61 % of people age 65 and older . Two - thirds of LGBT adults said well - known people who are themselves open about being LGBT “ helps a lot ” in making U.S. society more accepting of the community generally ; nearly as many said that about non - LGBT public figures supporting LGBT issues .   However , 46 % did n’t offer the name of a national public figure as important in
had become less favorable as a
in the race , 52 % of voters say it is more important to them that a presidential candidate will compromise with the other party than that he or she will stick to their core values and positions ( 41 % ) . Democratic voters , in particular , place value on candidates who will make compromises : 63 % say this , compared with 31 % who prioritize sticking to core values . Republican voters , by contrast , are more likely to value candidates who stick to their core values ( 57 % vs. 35 % ) . Within the party coalitions there are differences on these measures among each candidate ’s supporters
from panels of U.S. adults on economic and demographic topics.2 . Stevenson , Betsey and Justin Wolfe
since 1868 had sought
the perception gap between the U.
any age group . Americans are well - informed about the Supreme Court ’s rulings on school prayer . Of the 41 questions that Pew Research asked in its 2010 Religious Knowledge Survey , the single question the largest number of people got right is whether the
are proposals in at least 10 states that would require health care providers to give patients information about vaccines before administering them . Note : This is an update of a post originally published July 17 , 2015 . The original version of this post was written by Monica Anderson , a senior researcher focusing on internet and technology at Pew Research Center .
influence over gun control laws , while 18
. About two - in - ten ( 21
will get worse in the next five years , compared with roughly a third ( 34 % ) of those living elsewhere in China . A recent study linked air pollution to 1.6 million deaths a year in China , with some of the most concentrated sources of pollution found in the northeast corridor that extends from Shanghai to Beijing . On the issue of corruption , optimism about improvement varies considerably by education and income . For example , 71 % of higher - income Chinese believe corruption will improve in the next five years , compared with 58 % of those with lower incomes.2
“ a lot ” ( 36 % ) or “ some ” ( 45 % ) enjoyment out of it , similar to the share of U.S. teens overall who say the same . While Hispanic teens say they engage relatively often in religious practices with their family , they report lower levels of personal religious commitment . About three - in - ten ( 28 % ) say that religion is very important in their lives and a similar share ( 27 % ) have a daily prayer practice . And though the vast
they were “ very ” worried that there will soon be another terrorist attack in the U.S. , which was comparable to previous years . Even in October 2001 , a month after the 9/11 attacks , just 29 % said they were very worried about the possibility of a new attack . The April survey also found that the public was evenly divided over whether there was more that the government could do to prevent attacks like the one in Boston , with 49 % saying authorities
the news from top news organizations across five major sectors of the media : newspapers , network television , cable television , radio and the internet . Each week ( from Sunday through Friday ) PEJ compiles this data to identify the top stories for the week . The News Interest Index survey collects data from Friday through Monday to gauge public interest in the most covered stories of the week . Results for the weekly surveys are based on telephone interviews among a nationwide sample of approximately 1
Women from nine countries and one American territory account for more than half of all babies born to foreign - born women in the U.S. Births to women from Mexico , China , India , El Salvador , Guatemala , the Philippines , Honduras , Vietnam , Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico accounted for 58 % of all births to immigrant mothers in the U.S. in 2014
conversations with their neighbors at least once a week , with similar shares
all but three years
and Chrysler most closely .
public approval of U.S. negotiations with North Korea , nearly half of Americans ( 49 % ) say North Korea ’s leadership is not serious about addressing international concerns about their country ’s nuclear enrichment program . Fewer ( 38 % ) say North Korea is serious about addressing these concerns . Views of whether North Korea is serious about addressing concerns over its nuclear program are similar among Republicans and Democrats . About half in both parties ( 50 % of Republicans and 49 % of Democrats ) say they are not serious , while 36 % of Republicans and 40 % of Democrats say North Korean
. In Colorado
. But the critical
. The view that Iran now plays a less important role in the region is held by roughly a quarter in both Israel ( 24 %
in 2010 . Roughly four - in - ten Russians ( 41 % ) and Chinese ( 39 % ) want to avoid war , even if that means Tehran gets the bomb . But 36 % of Russians and 31 % of the Chinese volunteer that they reject both options or have no opinion . Sentiment in other parts of Europe is comparable to that among the European E3 + 3 participants . About half or more of Czechs ( 55 % ) , Spanish ( 53 % ) , Italians ( 52 % ) and Poles ( 51 % ) who oppose an Iranian nuclear program would back a military strike to halt it . The
have ever given
% to 38 %
% of 18
automation to certain
( Passel and Co
000 refugees from Somalia entering the U.S. in fiscal 2015 . The U.S. also approved 1,645 green cards in 2014 for Somalis sponsored by U.S. citizen immediate family members ,
and medications that enter the blood
. The ninth and most sacred month of the Islamic calendar , Ramadan marks the first revelation of the Quran to the Prophet Muhammad . Because Muslims follow a lunar calendar , the start of Ramadan falls on a different day each year on the Gregorian calendar . Aside from those who are ill or traveling , Muslims are required to abstain from food , drink and sexual relations during daylight hours throughout the month . During this time , many pious Muslims traditionally devote more time to prayer , reflection and helping the needy . Ramadan also is a time for celebrating and social
in this report is based on
the source data in
the immigration debate
% ) of Republican voters
more than 73,000 refugees entered the U.
almost the entire   increase in
ities of multiracial
in the case of ride
many Democrats ( 81 % ) as Republicans ( 40 % ) say the country ’s economic system is unfair . Similarly , opinions on whether corporate profits are excessive have been stable . A 56 % majority says business corporations make too much profit , compared with 39 % who say their profits are “ fair and reasonable . ” While
news about candidates for the 2012
differences in comfort level between
. Women ages 18 to 29 are more
, compared with about a third ( 35 % ) who say the party is mostly united . In April , Republicans were somewhat more likely to see the GO
the most important issues in the fall campaign , with crime lagging a bit behind those four and the war in Iraq and immigration still farther behind . On each of these seven issues , Obama is strongly favored over McCain — by lopsided ratios ranging from about three - to - one on education , jobs , health care , the cost of living and immigration , to about two - to - one on Iraq and crime . In addition to their strong support for Obama , Latino voters have moved sharply into the Democratic camp in the past two years , reversing a pro - GOP tide that had been evident
in the wake of a string
The public overall is almost evenly divided : 51 % say this responsibility rests mostly with states , while 48 % say the federal government should be primarily responsible . Partisans express contrasting views : While 68 % of Republicans say state
than young people do . For
% of the Catholic population today . In our surveys ,
political ties to
both reported and unreported crimes .
and the Philippines (
ownership and minimal increases in smartphone
that target civilians
% of Hispanics and 40 % of whites . Majorities of eight
the Republican Party . In
relationship with Germany rather
is only somewhat
any country or organization
. Just 15 % of Indonesian Muslims look favorably at the U.
s economic outlook because they are not what affect people ’s personal financial situation . When people are asked to consider the personal impact of different economic factors , just 32 % say their household finances are affected a lot by real estate values , while even fewer ( 23 % ) say that the stock market has a major effect
views from members of the two parties . Roughly seven - in - ten Americans ( 72 % ) say news organizations tend to
sites . As of 2017 , 53
s solid evidence
the basic approach of
empty
a slight gain , so
’s nuclear program ( 63 % of Republicans , 45 % of Democrats ) . By contrast , there is much greater partisan agreement that North Korea
the two countries should merge , compared with just 9 % among Ukrainian - speakers . At least in the days leading up to Viktor Yanukovych ’s removal from office , events in Ukraine had yet to boost enthusiasm for a single Ukrainian - Russian state . In both countries , support for a unified state has remained relatively flat over the past six years . In 2008 , 20 % of Ukrainians backed such a move , compared with 12 % today . In Russia , attitudes have changed even less : in 2008 , 19 % backed reunification vs. 16 % today
s more , four of them mentioned QAnon in half or more of the videos they published that month . Some of these channels clearly advertised their orientation around these conspiracy theories , including one that put the word “ QAnon ” in the thumbnail of all of its videos . Other channels were more subtle in their mentions , using euphemisms such as “ our favorite anon . ” Several of the 11 channels were terminated by YouTube in October , including some channels that mentioned QAnon the most
in 2008 in Germany ( 62 % ) , France ( 58 % ) , and Spain ( 46 % ) than in 2007 ( Germany 58 % , France 53 % , Spain 38 % ) . British views have remained unchanged . Similarly , in 2007 majorities in all Eastern European countries surveyed except Bulgaria said they were concerned about their country ’s dependence on Russian energy resources : Three - quarters of Poles , roughly six - in - ten Ukrainians ( 63 % ) and Czechs ( 57 % ) and half of Slovaks ( 53 % ) expressed concern . Of the Eastern Europeans surveyed , Bulgarians were
out for Americans : people who
% of Americans report they would be uncomfortable being among the first to do so . Roughly two - thirds of those who say they would “ probably ” be vaccinated are uncomfortable being among the first as are nearly all of those who say they would not be vaccinated if a vaccine were available today . The exception comes from the roughly three - in - ten U.
to Iran obtaining nuclear weapons . And in most countries , there is majority support among opponents of a nuclear - armed Iran for international economic sanctions to try to stop Tehran ’s weapons program . The Chinese and the Russians are notable dissenters in this regard . The poll also found majorities in Western Europe and the United States disposed to taking military action to prevent a nuclear - armed Iran . Again , the Russians and Chinese disagreed . The U.
among U.S. Christians   and particularly mainline Protestants . Our 2014 study found that United Methodists make up 3.6 % of the U.S. adult population – down from 5.1 % in 2007 . ( Mainline Protestants as a whole declined from 18.1 % of the adult population to 14.7 % over that seven - year period . ) The church also is older and   less racially diverse   than many others in U.S. The median age of United Methodist adults is 57 ,   well above the national median . And 94 % of United
across the board . Republicans are particularly positive about the federal government ’s response to natural disasters . Nearly nine - in - ten Republicans and
global attitudes towards
enthusiasm for Chinese world leadership persists . A median of 34 % of people around the world currently regard China as the world ’s leading economic power –   only slightly less than the 39 % who picked the U.S. Yet when thinking about the future , a 25 - country median of 63 % say they prefer a world in which the U.S. is the leading power , while just 19 % would favor one in which China leads . Notably , four of the five countries most inclined to choose the U.S. over China are located in the Asia -
things are going in Japan ,
to politics rose from 12 % ( in 1987 - 1988 ) to 24 % in 2002 - 2003 . Similarly , while 47 % of young adults ages 18 - 29 were daily newspaper readers in 1972 , by 2004 the number among the same age group had plummeted to 23 % . Moreover , that earlier cohort has continued to read newspapers at the same rate as they have grown older ( they are now mostly in their 50s ) . It appears that newspaper reading is a habit developed early in life . Once developed , it continues , but if it is n’t started , it may never
they have not too much confidence or
about governmental checks and balances was not included in October ) . Nearly all Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 92 % ) and Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 90 % ) view open and fair elections as very important to maintaining a strong democracy . In addition , large majorities in both parties ( 83 % of Republicans , 85 % of Democrats ) view a system of checks and balances as very important for a strong democracy . Republicans ( 68 % ) are less likely than Democrats ( 88 % ) to view the right to nonviolent protest as very important . Similarly , while majorities in both parties say it is very important that
in the preceding three years ,
with Republicans , a view shared
respondents who reported living in Colorado were reached at a number assigned to a different state , and 14 % of cellphone respondents with a Colorado number reported living in another state . If the RLS had been a state - level survey conducted only in Colorado , the 18 % would represent under - coverage and the 14 % would
the 40 %
which found 93
empty
things have gotten worse
’ ad revenue is from digital , they actually saw overall digital ad revenue fall by 2 % in 2015 .
satisfaction with the political system is most common in Nicaragua and El Salvador , the two Central American countries surveyed . Among those surveyed , Asians stand out as the happiest with
an abortion . Among those who think abortion should be illegal in all or most cases , 83 % say their greater concern is over states
empty
of Americans who say the U.S. plays a more important and powerful role as a world leader than it did 10 years ago has   fallen to a 40 - year low   of just 17 % . 1111The percentage of American Catholics calling themselves “ strong ” Catholics is at a four - decade low . 1212For the first time since Pew Research Center began tracking smartphone adoption , a majority of Americans now own a smartphone of some kind . 131350 % of the public now cites the internet as a main source for national and international news . Browse all Pew Research Center 2013 reports by
who live in rural areas say at least some of their friends own guns , only 39 % of non - gun owners in urban areas say the same . And nearly three - quarters ( 73 % ) of non - gun owners who live in rural areas have ever fired a gun , versus
s economy are far less
. However , only
number of overseas security
% now say they have a lot or some confidence in Obama ’s ability to handle international affairs , while 86 % have little or no confidence . But Obama is not alone in falling out of Russian favor . Russian confidence in German Chancellor Angela Merkel and favorable views toward NATO , the EU and Germany all hit new lows in 2015 . Meanwhile , our 2014 poll found 44 % of Russians had confidence in Chinese President Xi Jinping , while 34 % had no confidence and 22 % had no opinion . Russians clearly favor China over the U.S. on other measures , too . By a margin of
January   2010 , when non - seasonally adjusted unemployment peaked , the youngest adults ’ share had fallen to 47.4 % , while the 35 - to-54 share rose to 38.9 % . Since then , unemployment has   come down sharply across all age groups , but it ’s   fallen the least for – you guessed it – the youngest workers . The unemployment rate for 16- to 19 - year - olds last month was 15.6 % , a 42 % decrease from the level in January 2010 . Among 35- to 69 - year - olds , who account for more than three - fifths
and Instagram as companies owned by Facebook , while 22 % answered the question incorrectly . The largest share ( 49 % )
. Identical shares in
% were dissatisfied with the way things were going on the island . As of 2013 , there were more Puerto Ricans living in the U.S. mainland ( 5.1 million ) than on the island itself ( 3.5 million ) . This is a result of not just outmigration from the island but also declining fertility rates – the average woman in Puerto Rico was estimated to have 1.3 children during her lifetime in 2013 , down from 1.9 in 2005 . The island ’s population is n’t expected to rebound anytime soon .
million views . Forty - eight of them had at least 1 million views on their first encounter , and seven had more than 1 billion views . At the same time , one video in the top 50 ( the children ’s video titled “ Oddbo
is a good thing and 47 % say it ’s neither good nor bad . Republican men
and Democratic leaners say that legal immigration into the U.S. should be increased , 39 % say it should be kept at its
and everyone else (
name Germany , ranking it fifth on Americans ’ list . In Germany , about four - in - ten ( 42 % ) name the U.S. as their country ’s most or second - most important foreign policy partner , second only to France ( 60 % ) . This represents a 7 percentage point increase in Germans naming the U.S. as the most or second - most important foreign policy partner since 2018 . 3 Americans are more likely to prioritize greater cooperation with Germany than Germans are to prioritize increased cooperation with the U.S. About seven - in - ten in the U.
. Latinos made up a small share of eligible voters in states projected to be competitive this year . Nonetheless , there is potential for Hispanics to impact elections . Latinos have played an important role – twice – in helping President Obama win the presidency . In 2016 , if the battleground states for president remain the same as during the Obama years , the impact of the Latino vote is expected to be more significant .
who are Catholic exceeds the rate among those born in the U.S. , by 60 % to 48 % . Among Mexicans , 68 % of immigrants identify as Catholic , compared with 51 % of those born in the U.S. Some 24 % of Mexicans born in the U.S. said they are religiously unaffiliated , a rate about twice
companies will ensure that enough progress is made .
deaths since 1999
approach of generational
to 67.3 % in 2022 , which would be the lowest rate since 1969 . A major reason for their decreasing labor force participation was an increase in school attendance at all levels – thus reducing the share of those young adults participating in the workforce compared with previous generations . A Pew Research analysis in Nov. 2012 found that a record share of young adults had finished both high school and college , reflecting in part the belief that a college degree is necessary to career success as well as the degree to which younger adults decided to return to school when they could n’t find opportunities in the job market during the recession .
to the bombing had grown . Gallup asked Americans whether , had the decision been left up to them , they would have ordered the bombs to be dropped , or tried some other way to force the Japanese to surrender . Half the respondents said they would have tried some other way , while 44 % still backed using nuclear weapons . But this decline in American support for the use of atomic bombs against Japanese cities did not mean Americans thought they had to apologize for having done so . In that same Gallup survey , 73 % said the U.S. should not formally apologize to Japan for the atom bomb attacks on Hiroshima and
on April 8 on major spending cuts for the remainder of the 2011 fiscal year . In interviewing conducted prior to the deal ( April 7 - 8) , 43 % followed news about the threat of a government shutdown very closely . After the agreement ( April 9 - 10 ) , 51 % of those interviewed say they followed this news very closely . For the entire survey period ( before and after the agreement ) , there are no partisan differences in interest in the budget fight . About half of Democrats ( 51 % ) , Republicans ( 49 % ) and independents ( 45 % ) say they followed this news very closely . Among
. 4There is no
points from 2014 , when 54 % cited corrupt officials as a top concern . About a third of Chinese are worried about environmental damage , with 35 % saying air pollution is a very big problem and 34 % saying the same about water pollution . Three - in - ten or more cite the gap between the rich and poor , safety of food and rising prices as top concerns . Only about two - in - ten cite corrupt businesspeople , education , unemployment , traffic and working conditions as very big problems for China . Concerns about food safety have risen over the past seven years amid several high
express greater concern about undocumented immigrants , they
that GM foods are safe to eat . Still , only two - in - ten ( 20 % ) of this group rate scientists as understanding very well the health risks and benefits of GM foods . These differences associated with science knowledge are in keeping with findings in the Science and Engineering Indicators and other research showing a modest positive relationship between science knowledge and general views about science and scientists . Science knowledge is not strongly connected with people ’s degree of concern about the issue of GM foods or their focus on eating healthy
up slightly , from
were 28,691 apprehensions of individuals traveling with family members —
and green cards . These are
the decision to
are more than twice as likely as those who say they heard less about this to
said they had gotten news from Biden , versus 13 % of Republicans . Within each party , ideologically aligned partisans are more likely to get news and information online from their respective candidates . A larger share of conservative Republicans ( 45 % ) than moderate or liberal Republicans ( 28 % ) said they had recently gotten news from Trump . And liberal Democrats were more likely than conservative or moderate Democrats to hear from Biden online ( 40 % vs. 29 % ) . Note : You can find the data from this analysis for all U.S. adults in this interactive tool . Here are the questions used for the report , along with
they expect U.
% of adults in 2017 , compared with 30 % in 2007 . In 2017 , unauthorized immigrant adults had lived in the U.S. for a median of 15.1 years , meaning that half had been in the country at least that long
a more favorable opinion of Yellen , President Barack Obama ’
. Conversely , only 24 % of Hispanic workers held management , professional and related jobs , compared with 42 % of U.S.
in elected officials , more Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 36 % ) than Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 17 % ) had confidence . This pattern held for other national institutions as well . Europeans with favorable views of their countries ’ leading party expressed higher levels of trust in the military , the news media and banks and financial institutions . In the U.S. , Republicans expressed higher levels of confidence in the military and in business leaders , but not in the news media . Just 16 % of Republicans said they have confidence that the media will act in the
turnout rate in midter
have a greater probability of being included in the combined sample and adjusts for household size within the landline sample . Sampling errors and statistical tests of significance take into account the effect of weighting . The following table shows the sample sizes and the error attri
engagement in this behavior does not drop significantly until approximately age 45 . Non - white cell phone owners also stand out when it comes to using their phones to engage more deeply with information they have seen on television . African - American cell owners are especially likely to say that they have used their phone recently to see what others are
popular internationally – across
the overwhelmingly unfavorable opinion that voters have of the candidate they are voting against . Fully 93 % of Romney supporters say they have an unfavorable opinion of Barack Obama . By comparison , in the fall of 2008 just 68 % of McCain voters offered an unfavorable opinion of Obama , while 29 % viewed him favorably . This pattern also is seen among Obama supporters : 84 % view Romney unfavorably , compared with 70 % who expressed an unfavorable opinion of McCain the fall of
rah Winfrey ’s daytime talk show ; 36 % say they heard a lot about this while 37 % say they heard a little . About a quarter ( 26 % ) say they heard nothing at all . In November 2009 , when Winfrey announced
. Opinions about business corporations have fluctuated substantially in recent years ; favorable ratings have been as high as 73 % in August 1999 and as low as 45 % in October 2005 . In the current poll , men express more positive views of business corporations than do women , and those with more education are more positive about corporations than are those with less education . Republicans are notably more positive than are Democrats or independents .
. Among Democrats , 55 % prefer not getting too involved and three - in - ten ( 30 % ) say the
countries surveyed use social networking sites , such as Facebook and Twitter.3 And the most avid social networkers are found in regions with lower internet rates . Roughly three - quarters or more of internet users in the Middle East ( 86 % ) , Latin America ( 82 % ) and Africa ( 76 % ) say they use social networks , compared with 71 % in the U.S. and 65 % across six European nations . Overall , internet users in emerging and developing countries are more likely to use social media compared with those in the developed world . It is important to remember , however , that internet
are more likely than the native born to say their
in the nation ’s working - age population (
a positive impact on the country compared with five years ago , when nearly three - quarters ( 73 % ) said this . Views among older generations have changed little over this time period . As a result , older generations are now more likely than Millennials – who are much less likely than their elders to be religious – to view religious organizations positively . Millennials ’ views of the national news media also have grown more negative . In 2010 , four
for the country ( 90 % say this ) , but Republicans
empty
than those who have n’t served . Still , when it comes to things like being tolerant and open to all groups , the public is less likely to see this as a trait associated with military service than veterans
% of U.S.-born Hispanics and almost half ( 46 % ) of U.S.-born Asian newlyweds were intermarried in 2015 . Although Asian and Hispanic newlyweds are most likely to be intermarried , overall increases in intermarriage have been driven in part by rising intermarriage rates among black and white newlyweds . The most dramatic increase has occurred among black newlyweds , whose intermarriage rate more than tripled from 5 % in 1980 to 18 % in 2015 . Among whites ,
% vs. 7 % ) . White
years of schooling ,
some demographic groups whose embrace of the cell phone is somewhat less avid than others . Those groups are : people ages 65 and older ; those who did not attend college ; those living in households earning less than $ 30,000 ; and those in rural areas . In this survey , it is even the case that women are statistically significantly less likely to own cell phones than men — though this
since last August . And opinions about Benjamin Netanyahu have changed only modestly since before his address to Congress and re - election as Israel ’s prime minister . Currently , 31 % express a favorable opinion of Netanyahu , while 28 % view him unfavorably . A month ago , 38 % viewed Netanyahu favorably and 27 % unfavorably . A relatively large percentage ( 41 % ) continues to say they have not heard of Netanyahu or have no opinion of him . There are deep ideological divisions in views of U.S. negotiations with Iran : 72 % of liberal Democrats approve of the negotiations , while
A   decadelong   economic recession has contributed to a historic number of people leaving Puerto Rico for the U.S. mainland . Between 2005 and
empty
. By contrast , most Democrats (
view : “ And what about you , do you mostly prefer having men as co - workers , women as co - workers , or does n’t it matter to you ? ” ( For a more
and no mandated coverage , the share of births
in September 2017 , but enrollees can remain in the program while federal courts consider cases regarding
the case also
they have concerns about government surveillance , Americans also say anti - terrorism policies have not gone far enough to adequately protect them . More ( 49 % ) say this
are only modest partisan differences
. About one -
. The pandemic has caused massive economic disruption , and the government ’s response has pushed the federal budget further out of balance than it ’s been in nearly eight decades . But Americans appear to be slightly less concerned about the deficit than they have been in recent years . In a Pew Research Center survey conducted June 16 - 22 , just under half of U.
an expanded border wall . However , nearly as many Republicans ( 30 % ) favor both policies , while another 17 % favor legal status for those brought to the U.S. illegally as children and oppose an expanded U.S.-Mexico border wall . By comparison , Democrats are united in their views : 80 % support permanent legal status for those brought illegally to the U.S. as children and oppose expanding the border wall . A closer look at Republicans ’ differences on immigration Among Republicans and Republican leaners , there are significant ideological and demographic divides in views of both of these immigration policies . By
- Saharan Africans is about
the past (
said their relationship with that parent either grew stronger afterward or stayed the
s executive action on immigration draws more intense opposition ( 39 % disapprove very strongly
situation than to take a firm stand against Russian
the last decade ,
is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups
2018 midterm elections with some trepidation about the voting process and many had concerns that U.S. election systems may be hacked . After the election , however , most say it was “ very easy ” to vote and confidence in election security has increased . About three - quarters of those who report casting ballots in the midterm elections ( 76 % ) say that voting was “ very easy . ” In a survey conducted in October , just 44 % of those who planned to vote expected that the process would be very easy . Prior to the election , fewer than
for Democrats among Republicans
somewhat more view Obama as trustworthy ( 43 % vs. 35 % ) . On these two traits , the positions of Republicans and Democrats today are nearly the mirror image of 2006 . However , Democrats are less likely to describe Obama as a strong leader and able to get things done than Republicans were to ascribe these traits to Bush eight years ago . In 2006 , 81 % of Republicans said Bush was a strong leader and 76 % said he was able to get things done . Today , somewhat fewer Democrats call Obama a strong leader ( 72 % ) and say he is able to get things done ( 66 % )
name China and 24 % who name the U.S. The only other European countries where one - in - ten people or more see the EU as the world ’s top economy are the Netherlands ( 13 % ) and Poland ( 10 % ) . Outside of Europe , other countries where at least one - in - ten name the EU include Jordan ( 15 % ) , Tunisia ( 15 % ) , Colombia ( 14 % ) , Vietnam ( 14 % ) , Canada ( 11 % ) , Mexico ( 11 % ) , Tanzania ( 11 % ) and South Africa ( 10 % ) . Only 3 % of
- engagement ” groups , characterized by their frequent library use and the high personal value they place on libraries . You can also see these higher levels of engagement in the answers to individual questions , as those who have taken our online quiz are
the environment is essential to their Muslim identity , compared with only half ( 51 % )
ness to major news stories , examines news interest
people who seem suspicious , a share similar to the 73 % of white officers who say this . Roughly two - thirds ( 64 % ) of black officers say this . In addition , Hispanic and white officers are more likely than black officers to report having been verbally abused by a member of the community while on duty in the past month
attitudes about the country ’s direction are reflected in their views of its economic situation . Only 34 % believe that Mexico ’s economy is good
. Those who live in the former West Germany are 23 points more likely than those in the former East to say globalization has been a good
rate in the U.S. , for example , fell to 1.86 in 2013 . This leads to yet another population worry   over whether there are enough young people to take care of the older populations , as lifespans continue to increase and fertility decreases in certain parts of the world . Concerns about this issue are more common
. Republicans , by about two - to - one ( 59 % to 29 % ) , believed the government could do more to reduce poverty by lowering taxes on the wealthy and corporations in order to encourage more investment and economic growth . See our overview on President Obama ’s 2015 State of the Union , and read our related fact sheets on   immigration ,   energy and the environment , and   privacy and cybersecurity .
toward the EU are largely positive . Majorities in most nations polled express a favorable opinion of the Brussels - based institution , with roughly seven - in - ten in Poland and Spain
will be bad for the
is a major threat to the well - being of the U.
view : 60 % in this group say such regulations are worth the cost . 4A majority of
. Three - in -
Another 19 % were between spouses with a high school diploma or less . The share was 16 % for newlyweds with some college education ( but no bachelor ’s degree ) . Does marrying someone with less education mean “ marrying down ” economically ? Not necessarily . When we look at the newlywed women who married someone with less education , we find that a majority of these women actually “ married up .
to defeat terrorism rose
were 78 % and 72 % , respectively . The Seattle ( 84 % ) and Honolulu areas ( 83 % ) actually outperformed Los Angeles and Boston in terms of the share of local foreign students retained through OPT . On the opposite end of the spectrum , the Springfield , Illinois , metro area retained the lowest share ( 7 % ) of foreign graduates who attended schools in its area . The Carbondale - Marion , Illinois , and Beaumont - Port Arthur , Texas , areas were next above it at 20 % and 23 % , respectively . Across U.S. metro areas , OPT has resulted in both net
– same - sex marriage in the five nations that currently allow the practice . The Dutch parliament passed its landmark bill legalizing same - sex marriage in 2000 by roughly a three - to - one margin . The legislation altered a single sentence in the civil marriage statute , which now reads , “ A marriage can be contracted by two people of different or the same sex . ” The only opposition in parliament came from the Christian Democratic Party , which at the time was not part of the governing coalition . After
% in 2000 .   At the same time , a new , more recent wave of Cuban immigrants has arrived in the U.S. Since 1990 , more than 500,000 Cuban immigrants have entered the U.S. Most recently , there has been a surge of Cuban immigration following Obama ’s
about the poor not paying their fair share . Among Democrats , 72 % are bothered a lot by the wealthy not paying their fair share of taxes ; just 14 % express the same concern about the poor failing to pay their fair . Majorities across income categories express irritation over the prospect of wealthy people and corporations not paying their fair share in taxes . However , those with higher family incomes are more likely than those with low incomes to be bothered by the complexity of the tax system and the amount they pay in taxes . Among those incomes of $ 100,000 or more , 55 % are bothered a lot by the complexity of the tax system ; nearly
. Only around one - in - ten in both camps said their candidate should
“ human enhancement ” is used primarily by ethicists , there are numerous enhancements available today . Examples include : anabolic steroids used to promote muscle development ; reproductive technologies , including tubal ligation and vasectomies to
( 68 % ) – including about half of Democrats – says Trump is “ someone who stands up for what he believes in . ” The latest national survey by Pew Research Center , conducted Sept. 18 - 24 among 1,754 adults , finds that Trump gets lower ratings than his predecessors in recent midter
( 35 % )
of this century , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . Yet just shy of 50 years ago , interracial marriage was illegal in more than a
opinion of Turkey , although once again there are significant
– along with occasional outbreaks of violence – interest
the outcome of political negotiations
000 adults , 18 years of age or older , conducted under the direction of ORC ( Opinion Research Corporation ) . For results based on the total sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the error attributable to sampling is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News
are an asset rather than a burden to the United States . ( Indeed , most U.S. Muslims – 58 % – are immigrants themselves . ) And about two -
those who have heard
people favor gay marriage by more than two - to
optimism about their government ’s progress against drug traffickers has dipped . Roughly four - in - ten ( 39 % ) believe the government is making progress against drug traffickers , down 6 points since last year . In mid - February 2014 , Mexican officials , working with U.S. anti - drug forces , captured the notorious Sinaloa cartel leader known as “ El Chapo . ” The boost in the share of Mexicans saying in the spring 2014 survey that their government was making progress against drug traffickers came shortly after his capture . However
% of white and 76
’ interest in these reports . Overall , 69 % of voters who are closely following reports about corruption say most members should not be reelected in 2006 , far more antagonism than among people who are less engaged in the story . And among independents , these feelings are even stronger . Fully 77 % of independent voters
a clear impression of Romney . Combining these two questions , fully two - thirds of voters say they already know as much as they need to about both presidential candidates . When it comes to specific details of Romney ’s background and experience ,
were statistically significant
of the country ’s direction to shift following a change in party control of the presidency , the size of the shift among both Democrats and Republicans is more pronounced today than it was in either 2001 ( when GOP views grew more positive and Democratic views more negative after the transition from Clinton to Bush ) or in 2008
think the outcome of
people who have had
election , concern about
of Congress found
% in 2010 and
countries should cooperate more with France , the United Kingdom and China . But when it comes to Russia , people in the U.S. and Germany sharply diverge . A majority of Americans ( 58 % ) want to cooperate less with their Cold War adversary , while nearly seven - in - ten Germans ( 69 % ) want to cooperate more with Russia , the source of about a third of Germany ’s natural gas imports as of 2015 . 3Few Americans name Germany as their country ’s most or second - most important foreign policy partner , but about a third
preferences . About one - in -
– fewer apartment leases and home purchases , as well as less spending related to housing , such as cable company subscriptions and home accessories suppliers . The long - running decline in American household size can be tied to at least two demographic trends . The size of immediate families has declined over time as women have had fewer children . In 1790 , the total fertility rate of white women was 7.0 births ( meaning a white woman had , on average , seven births in her lifetime ) . By 1870 it had fallen to 4.6
in the national parks
the exact figures have been kept confidential to protect their anonymity . Also , once people   have been permanently resettled in a new country ( or return to their old one ) , they ’re   no longer considered refugees . According to the UNHCR ’s latest “ Global Trends ” report , last year 105,200 refugees were admitted for resettlement in 26 countries ( with or without the agency ’s assistance ) , while 126,800 refugees returned to their countries of origin . The refugee counts also   do n’t
. At the same time , some rural Americans do not use the internet in any capacity : 22 % of adults living in a rural area say they never go
. The increase in the population of foreign - born Latinos has leveled off in the recent past , but it is not possible to conclude from this trend whether or not foreign - born Latinos are returning to their countries of origin in greater numbers . The trend may be due to an increased outflow of migrants , a
about the right amount of attention is paid to racial issues . In May 2016 , the public was divided over whether racial issues had received too much ( 36 % ) or too little ( 35 % ) attention ; about a quarter ( 26 % ) said they had received about the right amount of attention . The survey finds that a majority of Americans ( 65 % ) continue to say there are “ very strong ” or “ strong ” conflicts between blacks and whites in the U.S. However , far more ( 86 % ) say there are strong conflicts between Republicans and Democrats than say the same about conflicts between
The generic ballot is a useful measure for looking at where voters stand in midter
this year : 1Hispanics are projected to be the largest racial or ethnic minority group in the 2020 U.
.S. , Russia
care debate . With
% oppose it . Support has dropped 7 percentage points since March 2015 , from 56 % . Public support for capital punishment peaked in the mid-
with public Twitter accounts1 over a period of one year surrounding the 2018 midter
harassment tends to occur to different groups in different environments with different personal and emotional repercussions . In broad trends , the data show that men are more likely to experience name - calling and embarrassment , while young women are
election . In every
a case – now before the Supreme Court – brought by white firefighters in New Haven , Conn. , who felt they were wronged by city promotion decisions . Another 5 % cite concerns about whether she would be a “ judicial activist , ” with 2 % of that group mentioning Sotomayor ’s comments about appellate court judges making policy and another 2 % saying they worried about how she would interpret the law . Another 3 % cite concerns about her position on certain issues , such as abortion or gun control , 2 % say she is too liberal and
views on the environment come to a compromise
influence under the new administration ,
of Americans with less than a college education ( 77 % ) as well as those with a college degree ( 79 % ) feel gratitude and thankfulness on a weekly basis . And those at the low end of the economic ladder — adults who earn less than $ 30,000 per year — are equally as likely as better - off Americans to regularly feel thankful .
the Boston bombings riveted most Americans , the incident appeared to confirm the public ’s long -
the tragedy reflects
are above average or the best in the world . Although there is not a significant partisan gap in views of how American higher education compares with that of other countries , previous research by the Center has shown that Democrats are considerably more likely than Republicans to say colleges and universities have a positive effect on the country – and GOP views have shifted more negative over the past few years . In 2017 , just 36 % of Republicans and Republican leaners said colleges and universities have a positive effect on the way things are going in the country , an 18 - percentage - point decline
elections recognize the legitimacy of the winners and that news organizations are free to criticize politicians . Overwhelming majorities of Clinton ( 93 % ) and Trump ( 91 % ) backers say it is very important that
first full year of Narendra Modi ’
the average woman having slightly less than two children . These trends reflect Census Bureau assumptions about birth patterns . The projections are based on assumptions about birth , death and immigration rates that are built on recent trends , but those trends can change . Moreover , any projections have built - in uncertainties , especially for years further in
in 87 countries , reversing a decrease that occurred in 2015 . 5Among the 25 most populous countries in the world , Egypt , Russia , India , Indonesia and Turkey had the highest overall levels of religious restrictions . China had the highest levels of government restrictions on religion , while India had the highest levels of social hostilities involving religion . Both
( 41 % )
were less secure compared with five years prior , according to the 2016 survey . The Snowden revelations were followed in the ensuing months and years with accounts of major data breaches affecting the government and commercial firms . These vulnerabilities appear to have taken a toll . Americans ages 50 and older were particularly likely to express concerns over the safety of their data : 58 % of these older Americans said their data were less secure than five years prior .   Younger adults were less concerned about their data being less secure ; still , 41 % of 18- to 49 - year - olds felt their
% ) of 18- to 29- year -
perceptions of how the media cover the situation in Afghanistan , but men are somewhat more likely than women ( 24 % versus 18 % ) to say the press makes Afghanistan look worse than it really is . More than a
For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s
. About half of liberal Democratic voters ( 53 % ) say they would be more likely to support a candidate who backs the Iran agreement , compared with just 31 % of moderate and conservative Democratic voters . Immigration and the GOP campaign . In an open - ended question , 25 % of possible Republican and Republican - leaning primary voters say Donald Trump is their first choice for the GOP nomination . Among GOP voters who say they would be more likely to support a candidate who wants to deport all immigrants who are in the U.S. illegally , 34 % support Trump ; among those who would be less likely to vote for such a
all groups of people , care about the middle class and have good policy ideas have changed little since February 2015 . About twice as many view the Democratic Party as tolerant and open than describe the GOP this way ( 65 % vs. 32 % ) . More also say the Democratic Party cares about the middle class ( 61 % ) and has good policy ideas ( 53 % ) than
. The educational gap is most striking among Hispanics . Nearly half ( 46 % ) of Hispanic newlyweds with a bachelor ’s degree were
% in December .
least a bachelor ’s degree than their Gen X counterparts did as young adults . Note : This is an update to a post originally published on Aug
are much more likely than Democrats to say they
attitude toward China (
by families in the 2010 census
of American life , many of today ’s workers make only marginal use of the internet for accomplishing work - related tasks . Indeed , some 17 % of workers report that they “ hardly ever ” use the internet on a typical day for work - related tasks , while 25 % report that they “ never ” use the internet for this reason .
a top priority . This year , it has fallen even further — just 12 % of Republicans cite global warming as a top priority , less than half the proportion naming the next lowest rated issue ( 27 % for providing health insurance to the uninsured ) . Democrats currently are about four times more likely than Republicans to rate global warming as a major priority ( 47 % vs. 12 % ) , a much greater gap than in January 2007 ( 48 % Democrat vs. 23 % Republican ) . The latest survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , conducted Jan. 9 - 13
that Cuba will become more democratic ; still , just a third ( 33 % ) express this view . Nearly six - in - ten liberal Democrats ( 58 % ) say that Cuba will become more democratic over the
in the aftermath of Brown ’
% ) or moderately fair
the U.S. and its
. But more Democrats are optimistic today , after Biden ’
. As 2018 arrives , Pew Research Center will be observing these and other important developments – and , as always ,
a top priority for NASA , more men ( 25 % ) than women ( 11 % ) consider human exploration of Mars a top priority . In addition , while about half or more of men and women believe human astronauts are essential for the U.
in the Middle East tend to see Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan more positively than other Middle Eastern leaders . Yet , views of the Turkish president vary drastically across the region . Fewer than half in Lebanon
. Democrats are somewhat more
a major threat . Still , this is 13 percentage points less than foreign policy experts . Concern about cyberattacks is strongest among the U.S. public , where 71 % describe such attacks as a major threat . Experts and the general public differ over the impact of the global economy . More than half of the foreign policy experts ( 53 % ) express major concern about the potential for the condition of the global economy to negatively impact their country . In contrast , just over one - third of the public ( 37 % ) holds similar concerns . The biggest exception is Greece , where
public overall , 68 % say it is very important for the country that people
of confidence in the future of the U.S. , while 30 % have some confidence . About a quarter ( 28 % ) say they have little or no confidence in the country ’s future , up from just 15 % in the fall of 2015 . Since then , the share of Republicans expressing quite a lot of confidence in the nation ’s future has increased 19 percentage points ( from 40 % to 59 % ) , while falling 22 points among Democrats ( 50 % to 28 % ) . As has been the case for the last decade , public trust in government remains near historically low levels . Just two
it is often or
in the three cities studied are certainly older than their counterparts who access the paper online – in their mid-50s , compared with online newspaper readers , who
as very fair ( 3 % ) or moderately fair
affluent Americans . Nearly all ( 96 % ) of this affluent demographic use the internet or email . Nine in ten ( 89 % ) of the high - income internet
job approval has changed little since the beginning of his presidency . Currently , 55 % of Americans disapprove of his job as president , while
the view that the trade
relationships – especially romantic ones – are a major social focus for many youth . Understanding the role social and digital media play in these romantic relationships is critical , given how deeply enmeshed these technology tools are in lives of American youth and how rapidly these platforms and devices change . This study reveals that the digital realm is one part of a broader universe in which teens meet , date and break up with romantic partners . Online spaces are used infre
the UK live outside its borders . By contrast , only about 1 % of those born in the U.S. live outside of the United States . Among the 10 countries with the highest number of emigrants , the UK is the only Western European country to appear on the list . Other top origin countries of emigrants include India ( 15.6 million ) , Mexico ( 12.3 million ) and Russia ( 10.6 million ) . 5Despite its relatively large global emigrant population , as of 2015 , only 25 % of the UK ’s emi
% ( in Jordan ) of adults in these countries use the internet in some fashion but do not have a computer or tablet at home . And a median of 27 % of adults in these countries say they do not have a tablet or computer at home but do have a smartphone
. Most Americans ( 56 % ) say that , all in all , the agreement is good for the U.S. , according to an October survey . But
% of children younger than 5 were racial or ethnic minorities in 2015 . In the total U.S. population , non - Hispanic whites will cease to be the majority group by 2044 , according to Census Bureau projections , or by 2055 , according to Pew Research Center projections . Racial and ethnic minorities have accounted for most of the nation ’s growth in recent decades . The non -
in December 2015 , roughly six - in - ten leaned toward the same party in March of this year . There was more movement during this period among leaners than partisans . For instance , 16 % of those who initially leaned Republican eventually called themselves Democrats ( either identified or leaned Democratic ) ; a comparable share of those who initially leaned
– both women ( 86 % ) and men ( 81 % ) – are far more likely than Republicans to see discrimination against women . However , a greater share of Democratic women ( 51 % ) than Democratic
. Political ideology is also
s policies will reduce the budget deficit over the long term , unchanged
share of 18- to 29 - year - olds who smoke traditional cigarettes has fallen over time . In the early 2000s , about a
% vs. 33 % ) , while larger shares of Republicans have positive views of churches and religious institutions ( 73 % of Republicans vs. 50 % of Democrats ) and banks and financial institutions ( 46 % vs. 33 % ) . Yet even as partisan divides in views of some of these institutions have widened in recent years , the public ’s overall evaluations are little changed . Majorities of Americans say churches and religious organizations ( 59 % ) and colleges and universities ( 55 % ) have a positive effect . Nearly half ( 47 % ) say labor unions have a positive impact ; 32 % see their
survey finds voting intentions shifting in the direction of Republican congressional candidates in the final days of the 2006 midter
l Castro ’s impact on Cuba was more mixed . When asked , all things considered , whether Fidel Castro had been good or bad for Cuba , 39 % of Argentines said he had been good , while 27 % thought he had been bad . Peruvians were split ( 38 % good , 33 % bad ) . In contrast , 61 % of Mexicans and 46 % of Chileans thought the older Castro was a detriment to
are more likely to follow local news
back in 2011 , in the
a bad job to have a
in the U.S. and whether the
2014 Pew Research Center
%-31 % ) .
recent years . The
s in safety procedures ( 93 % )
of the nation ’s global standing . Nearly half of conservative Republicans ( 47 % ) say the U.S. stands above all other nations , compared with 30 % of moderate and liberal Republicans . Among Democrats , just 13 % of liberals say the U.S. stands above other nations , compared with 23 % of moderate and conservative Democrats . And nearly three - in - ten liberal Democrats ( 29 % ) say there are other countries better than the U.S. ; only 13 % of conservative and moderate Democrats say the same . As has been the case in past Pew Research Center surveys , older Americans are more likely than younger Americans to see
the relationship is good , compared with 73 % of those ages 65 and older . Similarly , in Germany , four - in - ten young people say relations with the U.S. are good , compared with only 31 % of those 65 and older . These are among the major findings from a Pew Research Center survey of 1,004 adults conducted in the U.S. from Sept. 17 - 22 , 2019 , and a Körber - Stiftung survey of 1,000 adults conducted in Germany from Sept. 9 - 28 , 2019 . This analysis also includes results from Pew Research
for the Democratic nomination ( 69 % and 68 % , respectively ) . While the differences between parties are fairly small , John Kerry , Joseph Lieberman and Dick Gephardt are mentioned slightly more frequently by Republicans than Democrats , while Democrats more often name Al Gore , John Edwards and Al Sharpton as possible candidates .
’s leading economy in Latin America , Africa and in much of China ’s own backyard . More than six - in - ten in Japan ( 67 % ) , the Philippines ( 67 % ) , and South Korea ( 61 % ) name the U.S. as the leading economic power . However , even in many countries where America is still seen as the top economic power , most believe China will someday become the leading overall superpower . In 23 of 39 nations , majorities or pluralities say China either already has replaced or eventually will replace the U.S. as
should be less
trust in research connected with climate change and GM foods ;
likely to say
. Modern waves of refugees arriving in the U.S. reached their peak in 1980 when President Jimmy Carter signed the U.S. Refugee Act . The law established the Office of Refugee Resettlement , raised overall refugee quotas and provided a provision to deal with special humanitarian concerns . This was largely in response to the massive waves of refugees coming to the U.S. in the 1970s from Vietnam and Cambodia . In fact , more than 200,000 immigrants , largely from Southeast Asia , were given refugee status by the U.S. the year the Refugee Act
( 28 % ) or “ somewhat ” ( 32 % ) positive feelings toward the Postal Service — more than President Obama , either major party , the Catholic Church or the NRA . The one government sector that ’s actually added jobs has been   state education , which is up 31,200 jobs ( or 1.3 % ) since April 2009 . Although
all Republicans and GOP leaners )
a succession crisis has apparently been averted . A 1947 law dictates that only a male can ascend to the Chrysanthemum Throne , but there had been no princes born to the royal family since 1965 , leading many to call for changing the law so a female — most likely four - year - old Princess Aiko — could eventually rule . The results of a recent Pew Global Attitudes survey show that the Japanese public was ready for just such a change : 76 % would have favored amending the Imperial Household Act to allow a female
empty
in the world . Membership in AAAS is open
the state of the nation . Though this is unchanged since February , it is up from 24 % in January and 11 % in late October , a few weeks before the 2016 election . Throughout the course of Barack Obama ’
of veterans , and most of those who served in the Vietnam era or earlier will have died . 3The demographic profile of veterans is expected to change in the next few decades . Currently , nine - in - ten veterans ( 91 % ) are men while 9 % are women , according to the VA ’s 2016 population model estimates . By 2045 , the share of female veterans is expected to double to 18 % . The number of female veterans is also projected to increase , from around 1.9 million in 2016 to 2.2 million in 2045 . Male veterans , on the other hand ,
an age gap . Younger Americans are much more likely to support the partnership ( 65 % good thing ) compared with older Americans ( 41 % ) . Additionally , there are differences by gender on support for TPP , with men more likely to support Obama ’s ambitious trade agenda . However , there are no significant differences on this question among lower- and higher - income Americans and between higher- and lower -
things there are going at least fairly well . By comparison , only half of those age 50 and older
– restaurants , hotels and the like
differences are evident regardless of the type of exchange that will be available in a state . About six - in - ten ( 63 %
to tap Merkel ’s phone and that he might ban future eavesdrop
incomes of less than $ 50,000 , about half ( 49 % ) say they would struggle with day - to - day expenses . Americans generally say that
benefits from the vaccine
% saying it hurts
in many of the
% of children of unauthorized immigrants were lawful immigrants in 2014 . ) Since the end of the Great Recession , the growth
jobs may not pay
views to change more among Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 17 % ) than among Republicans and Republican leaners ( 9 % ) . Within
( 64 % )
local libraries offer programs on starting a new business . About half ( 47 % ) say they do not know if their local libraries do that and another 28 % say their public libraries do not offer programs for starting a new business . Online programs that certify that people have mastered new skills : 24 % of adults say their local libraries offer such programs . However , about half of adults ( 49 % ) say they do not know if such programs are being offered and another
the political wisdom of the American people . Today , 36 % say this . Most Democrats continue to say they have not very much ( 50 % ) or no confidence at all ( 11 % ) in the political wisdom of the American people .
States ( 39 % ) than older
the most recent installment of
of the online survey conducted in early September ( Sept. 3 - 15 ) – before details about Trump ’s call with
both Americans and Russians , there is little confidence in the
it is not tough enough ( just 2 % say it is too tough ) . Among conservative and moderate Democrats
the American - German relationship . For example , Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are 46 percentage points more likely than Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents to support the U.S. policy of tariffs on imported goods from Germany and other European countries . Republicans are also more likely to characterize America ’s relationship with Germany as good . Democrats , on the other hand , are more likely than Republicans to say the U.
they think U.S
stories – such
. Among independents , more say
it is down .
popular in the two African countries surveyed , Kenya ( 76 % favorable ) and Nigeria ( 71 % ) , and to a lesser extent in
with people living in lower- and middle - income households . Men and women share similar views on whether vaccines should be required or not and opinions on this issue vary little by race . At the same time , slightly more parents of minor children than those without children believe vaccinating children is a parental choice . There are slight differences in views about vaccines along political lines . A majority of Democrats ( 76 % ) , Republicans ( 65 % ) and independents ( 65 % ) say that vaccines should be required . But Republicans and independents are somewhat more inclined than are Democrats to say that parents should be able to decide . In 2009
% name The New
the issue was important in July . More than seven - in -
difficulties in conducting surveys
situation in Afghanistan , down only slightly from 59
were quite different — in 2007 , only 28 % had confidence in Bush to do the right thing . While Obama and his overall foreign policy are very popular , his approach to Afghanistan , where nearly 3,000 Canadian troops are currently deployed , is not . Half of Canadians say U.S. and NATO forces should withdraw as soon as possible , while just 43 % believe troops should remain until the situation has stabilized . And most ( 55 % ) say they disapprove of Obama ’s decision earlier this year to send additional troops to Afghanistan ; only 42 % approve . Canadians are somewhat
data measuring public interest in the top
a country and for Obama plummeted . However , since 2015 – the last time the
’s image has improved .   In the aftermath of the election , the Republican Party ’s image is more positive than it has been in years . Currently , about equal shares view the GOP favorably ( 47 % ) and unfavorably ( 49 % ) . The share that views the Republican Party favorably is up 7 percentage points since October and is 14 points higher than it was in April of 2016 . Republican - leaning independents , in particular , have a much more positive impression of the Republican Party . About seven - in - ten Republican leaners ( 72 % ) have a favorable opinion of the GOP
( 65 % ) of those ages 30 - 49 also oppose a wall . Views among those ages 50 and older are more divided , with opposition narrowly outweighing support for a border wall . As in the past , partisan differences are stark . About three - quarters ( 74 % ) of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents support a border wall , while an even greater share of Democrats and Democratic leaners express opposition to building a wall across the entire U.S.-Mexico border ( 89 % ) . Republicans are among the only demographic or political subgroups more supportive of a wall than they were during last summer ’s presidential campaign . Support
% the week of May 13 - 16
the campaign as too long . That was also the case in 2012 , when just the GOP had a contested nomination . But in February 2008 , Democrats ( 49 % ) were less likely than either Republicans ( 63 % ) or independents ( 60 % ) to say the campaign was too long . Among the 69 % of the public that says they have watched any of the presidential debates , most say they have found them helpful but views are more mixed on whether they have been fun to watch . About two - thirds of debate watchers ( 65 % ) say the televised debates have been helpful in learning about the candidates , while far
attitudes toward their own country
to the “ rich
improvements to life over the next 50 years . The top responses were expected improvements from technology ( 22 % ) or from medicine and health ( 20 % ) . Expectations for biomedical and technological advancements are in keeping with a 2016 Pew Research Center survey in which 81 % of U.S. adults said they fully expected artificial organs to be routinely available for transplant , 66 % said that most forms of cancer would probably be cured and 48 % said humans would definitely or probably use implanted sensors to monitor or adjust all food and medications that enter the bloodstream in the next 50 years . Note : Methodology can be found here
one of the greatest countries in the world , along with some others . Today , Republicans are 15 points less likely to say the U.S. stands
accounted for 6 % of coverage . The 2012 presidential election is attracting only modest interest in this early stage of the race . Two - in -
. A majority of
for UN peacekeeping   in general , and by 1999   the number of peacekeepers in the field dropped to about 12,000 . Amid that   lull ,   Secretary - General Kofi Annan ,   who was head of peacekeeping under Boutros - Ghali , ordered internal
the Greatest Generation
to more than 38 million ;   according to the UNHCR data ,   Syria , Colombia and Iraq together
and the news media – or trust them “ not at all ” – to provide full and accurate
who were ages 25 and older in 2014 , 65 % of
empty
( 73 % ) and Indonesia
for new findings from the 2010 Census . This report also presents the initial , direct residual estimates that cover six individual states and aggregate the rest of the country ; more detailed estimates for the remaining states and for characteristics of the unauthorized immigrant population are developed from these estimates and will be available in a later report . These estimates also introduce a new data source for the Pew Research estimates — the U.S. Census Bureau ’s American Community Survey ( ACS ) for 2005 to 2011 , replacing the March Current Population Survey ( CPS ) for those years . The ACS has about 12 times more sample cases than the CPS and thus provides more precise
American adults conducted March 7 - April 4 ,
about the Islamic State are tied to worries about Islamic extremism in general . For example , when asked a separate question about international worries over the Islamic militant group in Iraq and Syria , among those Spaniards who are very concerned about ISIS , 73 % are very concerned about Islamic extremism in their country , while only 17 % who are less concerned about ISIS agree ( a 56 percentage point difference ) . In Lebanon , it is a 55 point difference ( 76 % vs. 21 % ) . Differences of over 50 percentage points are especially common in Western nations , including 54 points in the U.S. , UK and
year . That share spiked to 49 % in
social media communications than their emails or websites , young adults are the most likely to do so : Nearly four - in - ten ( 37 % ) of those ages 18 to 29 turn to candidates ’ social media accounts , compared with 28 % of those ages 30 to 49 , 19 % of those ages 50 to 64 , and 11
in 2013 , 37 % of Asian
ers is among the widest across
. Younger generations are more likely to say this among both Democrats and Republicans . Overall , Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 43 % ) are more likely than Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 28 % ) to say they know someone
the “ U.S
“ homework gap ” – the gap between school - age children who have access to high - speed internet at home and those who do n’t . In 2015 , 35 % of lower - income households with school - age children did not have a broadband internet connection at home , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data . The digital divide has been a central topic in tech circles for decades
be at least somewhat effective in preventing school shootings . Correction : In a previous version of this post , the charts and topline gave an incorrect end date for the period during which parents and teens were surveyed . The survey ended April 10 . Note : See   full
increased the pool of potential naturalization applicants by making an estimated 2.7 million unauthorized immigrants legal permanent residents . A decade later , many of those immigrants had applied for citizenship . ( By 2009 , about 40 % who obtained green cards had become citizens . ) In 1996 , Congress also passed three laws that limited the public benefits and legal protections of noncitizens , and expanded the list of offenses for which immigrants – including legal permanent residents – can be deported . In 2013 , an estimated 8.8 million legal permanent residents were eligible for citizenship in the U.
are not bothered by it to say they would vote for Biden in the November general election contest against Trump ( 89 % vs. 83 % ) . And they are especially likely to have a negative evaluation of the president : Nearly all in this group ( 97 % ) say they disapprove of the way Trump is handling his job in office , including nine - in - ten who strongly disapprove . Among Democratic voters who are not bothered the presumptive nominee is an older white man , 85 % disapprove , including 72 % who do so strongly . Note : Here are the questions asked for this report , along
to a significant degree . Much of this
by China , cyberattacks , China ’s environmental impact and job losses are very serious problems . Republicans are much more concerned than Democrats about the economic aspects of the U.S.-China relationship . They are much less worried than Democrats about China ’s impact on the global environment . In general , older Americans tend to see more serious challenges in U.S.-China relations than young people do . For instance
empty
years ago , before the outbreak
( 57 % ) and 2004 ( 62 % )
on views of homosexuality is also notable in the U.S. , where more than eight - in - ten ( 85 % ) liberals and 65 % of moderates express tolerant views , compared with 44 % of conservatives . In the four Western European countries surveyed , at least three
the landline sample . Sampling errors and statistical tests of significance take into account the effect of weighting . The following table shows the error attributable to sampling that would be expected at the 95 % level of confidence for different groups in the survey : In addition to sampling error , one should bear in
. Each week ( from Monday through Sunday ) PEJ compiles this data to identify the top stories for the week . The News Interest Index survey collects data from Friday through Monday to gauge public interest in the most covered stories of the week . Results for the weekly surveys are based on landline telephone interviews among a nationwide sample of approximately 1
a median of
technologies outlined in the survey –
perceptions of the global threats confronting the United States have
Clinton , while 43 %
about the fairness of their own tax burden . Just over half ( 54 % ) say they pay about the right amount in taxes , considering what they get from the federal government , while 40 % say they pay more than their fair share . Only 5 % say they pay less than what they should . Overall , attitudes about personal tax burden have changed very little since 2010 . In 2000 , a majority of Americans ( 55 % ) said they paid more than their fair share of taxes , while just 41 % said they paid about the right amount . Democrats are far more likely than Republicans to say they are bothered “ a lot ” by
likely to have less
% want to return to using
. Among those who had lost ground
’ respective parties . Doubts that
in a job posting because it was not designed for a mobile device . And more than one - in - three have had trouble
including some recent events . For instance , 81 % of adults recall where they were in May when President Obama announced that Osama bin Laden had been killed by U.S. forces . The other national event that resonated as widely as 9/11 and Kennedy ’s death among those old enough to recall is Japan ’s attack on Pearl Harbor . The Pew Research Center ’s 1999 study found that 89 % of those who were eight or older at the time of Pearl Harbor were able to recall exactly where they were or what they were doing when they first heard of the attack . The clear memories that nearly all Americans have of Sept
ability rating among registered voters ( 50 % ) is now about
they were “ pretty happy ” ( 46 % vs. 55 % ) or “ not
in national parks ( 57 % ) . Also , two -
the same . There are sharp partisan differences in these views . While eight - in - ten Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents say it is very or somewhat acceptable for professional athletes to speak out about politics , a majority of Republicans and Republican leaners ( 58 % ) say this is not too or not at all acceptable . Many Democrats and Republicans feel strongly about the issue : About half of Democrats ( 52 % ) say it is very acceptable for professional athletes to speak out in this way , while about a third of Republicans ( 31 % ) say this is not at all acceptable . While Americans generally voice support for professional
“ angry ” Republicans and 42 % of “ angry ” independents Another factor driving up Democratic enthusiasm is optimism about the party ’s prospects in this midter
With Brown ’s signature , California becomes one of five states to allow doctor - assisted suicide , joining Oregon , Washington , Montana and Vermont . The New Mexico Supreme Court is scheduled to hear arguments on the issue later this month . Other countries also allow assisted suicide . Earlier this year , for instance , Canada ’s Supreme Court ruled that all Canadians have a right to doctor - assisted suicide . The Netherlands , Switzerland , Belgium and Luxembourg are among the other nations that allow assisted dying in some form . The   issue also has been debated in Germany and France . British lawmakers
the highest average thermometer ratings in March of this year ( 82 ) and
The gender gap in
and Republican leaners . Only about a quarter of conservative Republicans and GOP - leaning independents ( 27 % ) see the shutdown as a very serious problem facing the country , compared with 47 % of moderate and liberal Republicans . Ideological differences among Democrats are more modest : 85 % of liberal Democrats consider the shutdown a very serious problem
the labor force . 3Growing wages for women have helped narrow the gender pay gap , though women still lag men in pay . Women ’s median hourly earnings were $ 16.00 in 2016 , up from $ 12.48 in 1980 ( after adjusting for inflation ) . Men earned a median hourly wage of $ 19.23 in 2016 , down slightly from $ 19.42 in 1980 . In other words , in 2016 , the median working woman earned 83 cents for every dollar earned by men , compared with 64 cents for every man ’s dollar in 1980 . For workers ages 25 to 34 , the wage gap is smaller :
for finding a way to allow undocumented immigrants to stay in the U.S
it had become more favorable . There were no dominant reasons offered for changing opinions of McCain . These findings are based on the most recent installment of the weekly News Interest
on the site . 8U.S. political leaders have a sizable following among Americans who are on the platform . Among U.S adults with public Twitter accounts , 19 % follow President Donald Trump , while 26 % follow former President Barack Obama . Overall , 21 % follow at least one member of Congress , with 17 % following a Democratic legislator and 8 % following a Republican member . 9About half of U.S. adults who follow Donald Trump on Twitter ( 54 % ) view him favorably , compared with just 24 % of adult Twitter users who do n’t follow the president ,
s future economic outlook has become more negative , according to our survey conducted Dec. 5 - 9 . A quarter ( 25 % ) says the economy will be worse off a year from now , up from just 8 % in September and the highest level since June 2011 . Overall , 37 % expect the economy to be better off next year , down from 43 % in September . Republicans are increasingly pessimistic about the nation ’
empty
s population .
in the world ; and 19
views of the Lebanese - based group . In Turkey
in 2010 , including Los Angeles , Cook ( Chicago ) in Illinois , Maricopa ( Phoenix ) in Arizona , Kings ( Brooklyn ) in New York , and Dallas . In 1960 , eight of these 12 counties had poverty rates below the national average . Another three had poverty rates above the national average in both 1960 and 2010 : Bexar ( San Antonio ) in Texas , Miami - Dade in Florida , and New York ( Manhattan ) . And one county , Broward ( Ft . Lauderdale ) in Florida , had a poverty rate that was above the national average in 1960 but dipped below the average by 2010 . It ’
level of threat Zika poses . Some 39 % of Northeasterners and 35 % of Southerners believe the Zika virus is a major threat to the American population , compared with 21 % of Westerners and 28 % of Midwesterners who say they think the threat level is high . Those paying the most attention to news about the Zika virus are more likely than others to view it as a threat . For instance , 74 % of those who have heard a lot about Zika consider it a major threat to pregnant women or those trying to get pregnant , compared with 49 % of those
% expressed support for allowing people to carry concealed guns without a
their job nearly always or often makes them feel angry and frustrated are more likely than their colleagues to agree that “ hard , physical ” tactics are needed for some people , that does not mean that often being angry and frustrated necessarily causes an officer to support the use of more aggressive methods . By the same token , it can not be claimed that favoring more aggressive tactics causes an officer to be more frequently angry and frustrated . There may be other factors common to both an officer ’s level of anger and frustration and his or her attitude toward the use of more physical tactics that are the real causes .
support more regulation of advert
% ) and females ( 49 % to 65 % ) , as well as households with incomes less than $ 75,000 per year ( 47 %
empty
can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism
the age of 50 ( 19 % ) said this , compared with 29 % of older voters ages 50 to 64 and 38 % of those ages 65 and older . There were no major age differences when it came to the share of voters who had recently gotten online news from Biden or his campaign . Voters without a college degree were somewhat more likely than those with a college degree or more education to say they had recently gotten news from Trump or his campaign . The education gap was wider for the Biden campaign : About a third of voters with a postgraduate degree ( 32 % ) said in June they
about the federal budget deficit in the past month . That doubles to 20 % among Republicans and Republican - leaning independents who agree with the Tea Party movement . Those Republicans and GOP leaners who agree with the Tea Party also tracked news about the debt ceiling debate much more closely than those who do not agree with the movement ( 66 % very closely vs. 34 % ) or the public as a whole ( 41 % very closely ) . Overall , though , interest in news about the debt debate is similar among Republicans ( 46 % very closely ) , Democrats ( 44 % ) and independents ( 37 % ) . About one - in - ten in
country positively , but by
are the most critical of today ’s dads . In
is a big partisan divide over using
and Trump ’s subsequent criticism of the group – Republicans who hold a favorable view of the caucus are significantly more likely than those with an unfavorable view of it to approve of Trump ’s job performance . Among Republicans and Republican leaners who view the Freedom Caucus favorably , 94 % approve of the job Trump is doing as president . By contrast , among Republicans with an unfavorable view of the
data suggest the Chinese
. Public attention
but held steady for
“ unpartnered ” Americans , from 39 % in 2007 to 42 % today ,
views of the EU appear even in nonmember
table to sampling that would be expected at the 95 % level of confidence based on the full sample is plus or minus 3 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls .
s of Islam must be reinterpreted to reflect contemporary issues , while 38 % maintain that traditional understandings of Islam are all that are needed to address today ’s issues . On this question there is more of a difference of opinion among Muslims when it comes to how important religion is in their lives . Those who say religion is very important in their lives are evenly divided ( 43 % say traditional understandings should be reinterpreted vs. 46 % who say traditional understandings are all that is needed ) , while about seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) of those who say religion is less important express the
of only 24 %
2017 that they had a favorable opinion of the U.S. , compared with 57 % the year before . 3Merkel gets positive reviews from Americans , especially Democrats . Since Pew Research Center first asked about Angela Merkel in the U.S. in 2006 , three main findings have stood out . First , positive ratings for Merkel have consistently outweighed negative ones , and this was true again in 2017 , when 56 % of U.S. adults expressed confidence in her . Second , Merkel has become better known . In 2017 , only 14 % offered no
empty
to each other : Blacks in Macon and Hispanics in Denver report lower levels of income and education . ) Differences between women and men are less pronounced . Both tend to follow crime at roughly the same rates , but in Denver and Sioux City , women are more likely to discuss the topic with others . Nearly two - thirds ( 64 % ) of women in Denver say they often discuss crime , compared with less than half of men ( 45 % ) . And in Sioux City the gap is 74 % to 64 % . In Macon , however , which has the greatest attention to the topic overall , both men and women discuss crime at about the
countries , roughly six - in
and left did not
an election cycle with two potentially heated primary seasons ( like 2008 and 2016 ) news coverage increases . Another reason for the uptick in campaign coverage this year may be related to headline - grabbing controversies involving possible candidates . Chris Christie ’s Bridgegate dispute earlier in the year put his 2016 hopes in the spotlight , and a recent debate about Chelsea Clinton ’s role at NBC also brought attention to Hillary Clinton ’s potential run for the presidency . You can see the methodology for this report here
to their homes or property . The Japanese public applauds how the country ’s Self Defense Force has responded to the March 11 earthquake and tsunami , but is highly critical of the how the government and the Tokyo Electric Power Company ( TEPCO ) have handled the multiple disasters . More than nine - in - ten ( 95 % ) describe the Self Defense Force ’s response positively . By contrast , only about 20 % say the national government or Prime Minister Naoto Kan have responded well to the crisis . The harshest criticism is reserved for TEPCO , with just 10 % saying the power company
4 without a landline phone ) . Interviews were conducted in English and Spanish by Princeton Data Source from Sept. 11 to 14 , 2014 , and Sept. 18 to 21 , 2014 . Statistical results are weighted to correct
a major threat to U.
, compared with 32
information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism
. Overall , 91 % of Americans say that the right to vote is essential to their sense of freedom . Only 7 % say it is important but not essential , and just 1 % says it is not important . A comparable share ( 92 % ) considers freedom of speech to be essential to their own sense of freedom . Large majorities also say the right to privacy ( 87 % ) and freedom of religion ( 85 % ) are essential to them . Views are more mixed when it comes to the right to own guns : 48 % say this is essential , while 33 % say it is important but not essential
courses . Most students in Ireland learn English and Gaelic , but neither is considered a foreign language . Likewise , the National University of Ireland found 30 % of Irish graduates complete their secondary education without a foreign language in their final qualification . And while the UK does mandate that students study at least one foreign language in school , they have the latest minimum starting age of all countries in Europe ( 11 years old ) . Studies from the BBC and the British Academy have shown steady decreases in the number of British secondary students taking exams in foreign languages , with noteworthy drop - offs in French and German language
in 2012 , when just the GOP had a contested nomination . But in February 2008 , Democrats ( 49 % ) were less likely than either Republicans ( 63 % ) or independents ( 60 % ) to say the campaign was too long . Among the 69 % of the public that says they have watched any of the presidential debates , most say they have found them helpful but views are more mixed on whether they have been fun to watch . About two - thirds of debate watchers ( 65 % ) say the televised debates have been helpful in learning about the candidates , while far fewer ( 34 % ) say they have not been helpful .
views to change more among Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 17 % ) than among Republicans and Republican leaners ( 9 % ) . Within these
“ the party ’s policies are so misguided that they threaten the nation ’s well - being . ” Over the past two years , as the numbers of
in views about different
; it now stands at 60.4 % , a full percentage
Seven - in - ten ( 70 % ) conservative Republican and Republican - leaning registered voters say the field of candidates running for their party ’s nomination are excellent or good . A smaller majority ( 56 % ) of moderate and liberal Republican registered voters also offer a positive assessment . Both conservative and more moderate Republicans are more
percent , most Venezuelans (
automation of jobs will lead to greater levels of economic inequality than exist today , while nearly two - thirds ( 64 % ) expect people will have a hard time finding things to do with their lives . At the same time , few Americans –
public confidence in the scientific method to produce sound conclusions .
in a positive light . However , opinion
% of Americans correctly named WhatsApp and Instagram as companies owned by Facebook , while 22 % answered the question incorrectly .
most highly educated racial or ethnic groups in the U.S. 70 % of Indian Americans aged 25 and older had college degrees in 2010 , by far the highest rate among the six Asian - American groups studied and 2.5 times the rate among the overall U.S. population . More recent ( 2013 ) data from the American Community Survey provides more detail : 40.6 % of Indian Americans 25 and older have graduate or professional degrees , and 32.3 % have bachelor ’s degrees ; an additional 10.4 % have some college education . One likely factor : the large
these cross tabulations ( sometimes referred to as bivariate relationships because they involve just two
about the future are also common in the Middle East . Once again , the most positive results are found in Asia and Latin America . China registers the greatest optimism on the survey , with 82 % saying they believe today ’s children will be better off than their parents . When asked about potential international threats to their country , people in these eight African nations tend to emphasize international financial instability , global climate change , and Islamic extremist groups . They are generally less worried about the other potential threats included on the survey – Iran ’s nuclear program , North Korea ’s nuclear program , political instability in Pakistan ,
interviews in 20 nations and the Palestinian Authority . The project also conducted a nine - nation poll in March 2004 . Surveys were conducted by local organizations under the
While a majority of
of the Arizona law while 21 % say they approve , according to the Pew Research Center survey . This is relatively unchanged from 2010
people still lived in
the same as what previous presidents said and 14 % who say they trust what he says less . Conservative Republicans ( 62 % ) are much more likely than moderate and liberal Republicans ( 39 % ) to say they trust what Trump says more than previous presidents .
address the coronavirus outbreak . Older Americans traditionally turn out to vote at higher rates than younger adults . In the 2016 presidential election , roughly a quarter of voters ( 27 % ) were ages 65 and older , according to a   Center analysis of validated
Attitudes survey , especially among people who place themselves on the ideological right in Germany , even as favorable opinions of the
they reflect race relations
popular in Western Europe
it is more important to continue
% ) than they
confidence in the military and an additional 46 % say they have a fair amount of confidence . The high ranking of the military is consistent with a 2013 Pew Research Center survey , which found 78 % of the public said the military contributes “ a lot ” to society . Similar
the total sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the error attributable to sampling is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index ,
with just 11 % who said it would make it more acceptable . Some argue that public resistance to gene editing is a function of its novelty , and that as these techniques become more commonplace , public concerns will dissipate . Indeed , survey respondents who had heard at least a little about gene editing were more inclined to want gene modifications to reduce their child ’s
ers remain more
views of Pope Francis , with about three
is projected to
should be priorities , compared with just
the better job dealing with policies on abortion
the focus should be mostly on cutting major programs while even fewer ( 8 % ) say the focus should be mostly on raising taxes . The proportion supporting a mixed approach of funding cuts and tax increases is
% called dealing with the
will have a mostly negative impact on the country , while 61 % expect it will have a largely negative effect on themselves and their families . Two - thirds of Democrats ( 67 % ) view the law ’s future impact on
to the way social media platforms have been weaponized to spread made - up news and engender online harassment . At the same time , a share of users credit something they saw on social media with changing their views about a political or social issue . And growing shares of Americans who use these sites also report feeling worn out by political posts and discussions on social media . When asked to elaborate on the main reason why they think social media have a mostly negative effect on the way things are going in this country today , roughly three - in - ten ( 28 % ) respondents who hold that view mention
the U.S. has a
the U.S. Opinion among Clinton supporters is reversed ( 51 % not gone far enough , 35 % too far ) .
the other side probably shares their other values and goals : Nearly six - in - ten Democrats ( 59 % ) say this about Republicans , while 56 % of Republicans say it about Democrats . While these views are little changed from 2013 , in 2007 , 53 % of Republicans and 51 % of Democrats said that members of the opposing party did not share many of their goals and values outside of politics . There is a significant ideological divide among Republicans about whether Democrats share their other values and goals . About half of conservative Republicans ( 47 % ) say Democrats do n’t share their other values and goals . By contrast , about a quarter
and still effectively protect air and water quality , while a similar share ( 47 % ) says this is not possible . There are large partisan divides on this issue . By a 63%-35 % margin , most Republicans and Republican leaners hold that it is possible to cut back on environmental regulations and still effectively protect air and water quality in the U.S. Most Democrats and those who lean Democratic hold the reverse view : 63 % say it is not possible to cut back on environmental regulations and still effectively protect air and water quality
for either Israel or the Palestinians – now stands at its widest point in surveys dating to 1978 . Nearly three -
until the situation there is stabilized . A year ago , a narrow majority ( 52 % ) favored a troop withdrawal as soon as possible , compared with 43 % who favored keeping the troops in Iraq . Public support for a troop pullout peaked at 56 % in June 2007 . The percentage favoring withdrawing the troops as soon as possible is at its lowest level since mid - January 2007 ( 48 % )
the Democratic Party , while just 4 % say it will be intended to hurt the Republican Party . Another 36 % of Democrats say such news will be intended to hurt both parties about equally . About six - in - ten Republicans ( 62 % ) think made - up news will mostly be intended to hurt the Republican Party , while only 4 % say it will be aimed mostly at the Democratic Party and 29 % say it will be directed at both parties about equally . Again , liberal Democrats and conservative Republicans are more likely than their more moderate counterparts to believe made - up news will mostly be intended to hurt their
differences on the safety
the Affordable Care Act appear about equally influential in shaping voter opinion , and are somewhat more important than economic attitudes among all voters . But the most important factor varies by key voting blocs . For independents , attitudes toward the health care law , which they largely disapprove of , is more important than opinion about Obama or the condition of the nation ’s economy . Similarly , the new health care law is most important for men , while opinions about Obama are more significant vote drivers among women . Opinions about the president are also more crucial to about 20 % of voters who admit they are
empty
most recent week , data relating to news coverage
findings of America ’s Place in the World , a survey of foreign policy and national security attitudes conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , in collaboration with the Council on Foreign Relations , an independent , nonpartisan organization focused on helping government officials and the public better understand the world and foreign policy . The
surveys also found strong support
nominees begin , 41 %
for Obama ’s second term in November 2012 ( also 56 % ) . Virtually all of Trump ’s supporters ( 97 % ) say they expect Trump ’s first term to be successful ; a smaller , but still overwhelming majority of Clinton supporters ( 76 % ) say Trump will be unsuccessful . Trump voters have a high degree of confidence in – and high expectations for – the president - elect . Fully 88 % say they are confident in the kind of president Trump will be , while 90 % or more express at least a fair amount of confidence in his ability to deal with key issues such as the economy , illegal immigration and health care . By contrast
years as children born in the 1990s have come of age . Meanwhile , other estimates show that a rising share of their parents ’ generation are long - term U.S. residents . An NBC News / Wall Street Journal survey conducted in September 2017 found that around two -
visits in the U.S. each year . NEISS gathers data on , among other things , patients ’ age , gender , race and ethnicity ; the
than other groups in the
to lose their jobs in the next 12 months . The public sees threats to workers from multiple fronts . For example , most Americans say that increased outsourcing of jobs to other countries ( 80 % ) and more foreign - made products being sold in the U.S. ( 77 % ) hurt American workers . Workers see automation as less of a threat . Large majorities see increased use of the internet and other technology in the workplace ( 70 % ) and more U.S
% vs. 30 %
a favorable opinion of the U.
during their most recent get - together with others , compared with 69 % of cell owners 65 and older . Data in this report is drawn from Pew Research Center ’s American Trends Panel , a probability - based , nationally representative panel . This survey was conducted May 30 , 2014 through June 30 , 2014 among 3,217 adults , including 3,042 cellphone users . The margin of error on the full sample is plus or minus 2.2 percentage points and for the cell - user sample is 2.3 points . For more information on the American Trends Panel , please see the Methods section at the end of this report and these further
is respectful , attitudes on political correctness are split . Equal shares say too many are easily offended and say people need to be more careful about language to avoid offending others ( 50 % each ) . Among those who say the tone of political debate is only somewhat , not too or not at all important ,
see : Obama Leaves Office on
of all eight issues
