Married adults are more likely than those who are living with a partner to say things are going very well in their relationship ( 58 % vs. 41 % ).
For example, 61 % of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents believe the marches will increase public support for science, while only 22 % of Republicans and those who lean Republican say the same. Instead, 60 % of these Republican backers think the protests will make no difference, compared with just 32 % of Democratic partisans who think that.
When asked why so many people lack jobs in their country, the top reason given is that many jobs go only to people with connections.
nearly half of U.S. adults ( 46 % ) named local news outlets as a major source for COVID-19 news – more than the share who named several other groups, including President Donald Trump and the coronavirus task force ( 31 % ). Other local information sources were seen as important as well : For example, 36 % of adults said state and local elected officials were a major source of news about the outbreak, while 16 % said the same about friends, family and neighbors, and 8 % named community newsletters or List
With this rapid growth in connectivity have come a host of potential problems, including fake news, political targeting and manipulation and financial scams, among others.
The survey finds that most Americans prefer news with no political point of view, and this feeling is particularly widespread when it comes to getting news online. Fully 74 % of online news consumers say they prefer internet sources that do not have a political point of view. Just 19 % prefer sources that have a political point of view.
Roughly a quarter of the public ( 27 % ) paid very close attention to economic news last week and 16 % listed this as the story they followed most closely.
majorities of graduates in all three of the largest U.S. generations agree that college either has paid off or will pay off, given what they and their families invested in it. Perhaps not surprisingly, the highest - earning graduates were the most positive about their educations — 98 % of those making six figures and up said their degree had paid off, compared with 63 % of graduates earning less than $50,000. Similarly, people with advanced degrees were even more likely than bachelor ’s and associate ’s degree holders to say their education was worth the investment
His proposed wall on the U.S.-Mexico border was particularly unpopular in the United States ’ southern neighbor, where 94 % said they disapproved of the project. The border wall was similarly unpopular across the other six Latin American countries surveyed, with a regional median of 83 % saying they opposed it.
The public has grown more supportive of the U.S. fight against ISIS, as about twice as many approve ( 63 % ) as disapprove ( 30 % ) of the military campaign against the Islamic militant group in Iraq and Syria. Last October, 57 % approved and 33 % disapproved.
Europeans overwhelmingly give the U.N. favorable reviews. More than seven - in - ten in France ( 74 % ) and Poland ( 72 % ) offer a favorable opinion, as do majorities in Britain ( 67 % ), Germany ( 65 % ), Spain ( 61 % ) and Russia ( 56 % ).
Among the minority of sub - Saharan Africans who use social media ( ranging from 43 % in South Africa to 20 % in Tanzania ), more say they share their views on entertainment - related topics like music, movies and sports than say they post about politics, religion or products they enjoy.
Currently, 48 % have a favorable impression of business corporations, compared with 43 % who have an unfavorable opinion.
In order to have a larger sample of Hispanics in June, we surveyed 543 Hispanics out of 2,245 total respondents, or 24 % of the unweighted sample. This gave us a much larger sample to analyze, and made the estimates for Hispanics more precise.
among Hispanic registered voters, 81 % say speaking Spanish is not required to be considered Hispanic.
Few Democrats ( 9 % ) think Romney will do the better job in tomorrow ’s debate, but they are less uniformly certain about how Obama will do. Two weeks ago, fully 89 % of Democratic voters said they expected Obama to do the better job. That has slipped to 75 % of Democrats going into the second debate, as the percentage who do not choose either candidate has about doubled ( from 7 % to 16 % ).
Currently, 46 % say the Islamic religion is more likely than others to encourage violence among its believers ; about as many ( 45 % ) say the Islamic religion does not encourage violence more than other religions.
nearly one in five U.S. households ( 19 % ) owed money on student loans in 2010, more than double the proportion in 1989. Among households headed by someone younger than 35, a record 40 % had student - loan debt outstanding.
Roughly three - quarters of Facebook users ( 74 % ) visit the site daily
Teachers rate the actual research skills of their students as “ good ” or “ fair ” in most cases. Very few teachers rate their students “ excellent ” on any of the research skills included in the survey.
When asked to describe QAnon, people most often mentioned that it was a group of some kind ( 41 % ) or a conspiracy group or theory ( 44 % ).
Americans give the press high marks for coverage of the candidate debates and reporting on which candidate is leading in the latest polls. For both of these facets of the campaign, 62 % say that the press has done an excellent or good job and a third says its performance has been only fair or poor. About half ( 52 % ) say that the press has done only a fair or poor job in covering campaign strategies and the same percentage says this about coverage of the candidates ’ positions on issues. Somewhat fewer view coverage of these two aspects of the campaign positively.
Twenty years after the collapse of the Soviet empire, roughly half of Russians ( 48 % ) believe it is natural for their country to have an empire, while just 33 % disagree with this idea. By contrast, in 1991, significantly fewer ( 37 % ) thought it was natural for Russia to have an empire, while 43 % disagreed. Half of Russians also agree with the statement “ it is a great misfortune that the Soviet Union no longer exists ; ” 36 % disagree. This is a slight decline from 2009
Currently 59 % of all adults own a desktop computer, and 52 % own a laptop ( 76 % own a computer overall ). Millennials are the only generation that is more likely to own a laptop or netbook ( 70 % ) than a desktop computer ( 57 % ). While 69 % of adults in Generation X own a desktop, a close 61 % own a laptop.
Agreement ranged from about seven - in - ten in the U.S. and Spain ( 68 % ), and up to more than eight - in - ten in Poland ( 83 % ) and Germany ( 84 % ).
Solid Liberals, who are in many ways the most traditional group of Republicans, have an outsized influence on the GOP coalition ; while they make up just 13 % of the public – and about a third ( 31 % ) of all Republicans and Republican - leaning independents – they constitute a much larger share ( 43 % ) of politically engaged Republicans.
The growing gender parity in likelihood of residing at home is especially pronounced among 18- to 24 - year - olds : 60 % of men and 52 % of women in that age group lived at home in 2012, an 8 - percentage - point gap. In 1968, 59 % of male 18- to 24 - year - olds, but only 42 % of females lived at home : a difference of 17 percentage points.
In addition to interest in the possible Koran burning ( 33 % very closely ), the public also very closely tracked news about developments in Afghanistan ( 30 % ) and Sept. 11 anniversary commemorations ( 33 % ). One - in - ten say they followed news about the current situation and events in Afghanistan most closely last week, while news about the war there accounted for 3 % of coverage, according to PEJ. Nearly as many ( 9 % ) say they followed news about the ninth anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks most closely
Most Americans continue to have strong feelings about the president, with about twice as many strongly disapproving of his job performance as strongly approving ( 51 % to 25 % ).
Currently, 55 %say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about t he economy, while 38 % say the economic news they are hearing is mostly bad and just 4 % say they are hearing mostly good news about the economy.
Trump gets more negative ratings globally than Merkel, Xi or Putin. German Chancellor Angela Merkel is the only world leader included in the survey who receives more positive than negative reviews. Across the 37 nations polled, a median of 42 % express confidence in her, while 31 % say they lack confidence. Ratings for Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian President Vladimir Putin are mostly negative, and Trump receives even more unfavorable assessments than both of them.
the percentage of Americans who say they favor private accounts has tumbled to 46 % in Pew ’s latest nationwide survey, down from 54 % in December and 58 % in September. Support has declined as the public has become increasingly aware of the president ’s plan. More than half of the supporters of private accounts ( 52 % ) say they favor the idea mainly because private accounts will give individuals greater control ; just 20 % support private accounts because they will make Social Security more financially stable.
Several African nations stand out among the most conservative on the issue of contraceptive use, according to a recent Pew Research Center survey of people in 40 countries. Nigeria, Ghana, Uganda, Kenya and Senegal ranked among the nine countries with the most moral opposition to contraception. In Nigeria and Ghana, roughly half or more of each population said that contraceptive use is morally unacceptable ( 54 % and 52 %, respectively ). Out of the 40 countries surveyed, only Pakistan ( 65 % ) had a higher rate
About half ( 52 % ) of the public say that the military is having a good influence on the way things are going in Turkey, while 37 % say it is having a bad influence.
The Chinese public stands out from others surveyed in saying they prefer teaching both sets of skills. More than a quarter of Chinese volunteer that schools should emphasize both creative thinking and basic skills and discipline.
Overall, men owned more than half of the nation ’s 27.6 million firms in 2012, and women owned more than 9.9 million businesses, about 36 % of the total.
The Iraq war was the news story the public followed most closely last week. Nearly a third of the public ( 32 % ) followed news about the situation in Iraq very closely and 25 % listed this as the story they followed most closely.
72 % of adults 18 and older say they are absolutely certain they are registered to vote. This is lower than in 2008, when 79 % were registered to vote and in 2004 ( 76 % registered to vote ).
Republicans and Democrats also diverge in their views about how gun ownership impacts crime and mass shootings in the U.S. A majority of Republicans ( 56 % ) say there would be less crime if more Americans owned guns ; by contrast, 51 % of Democrats say there would be more crime if more Americans had guns. Nearly two - thirds of Democrats ( 64 % ) say there would be fewer mass shootings in the U.S. if it were harder for people to legally obtain guns ; only about a quarter of Republicans ( 27 %
Slightly more than half of Americans with a bachelor or graduate degree from college ( 52 % ) watch news video online. This is moderately higher than the video news viewing of those who completed some college ( 43 % ) and more than double the rate of those with a high school degree or less ( 22 % ).
The oldest Muslim women in the study averaged just 2.5 years of schooling, compared with 4.6 years for men – a gap of 2.1 years. Young women ( ages 25 to 34 as of 2010 ), by comparison, have averaged more than twice as many years of formal education as their female elders ( 6.1 years ), and now trail young men ( 7.3 years ) by just over a year.
Support of President Obama and his signature legislation, the Affordable Care Act, has declined among Hispanics over the past six months, even though the popularity of both is nearly unchanged among the public overall, according to a new analysis of Pew Research Center survey data. Today, as many Hispanics approve as disapprove ( 47 % - 47 % ) of the new health care law. That ’s down markedly compared with the 61 % approval just six months ago.
About three - in - four ( 74 % ) Pakistanis said that education is equally important for girls and boys, while just 17 % considered it more important for boys and 7 % believed it is more important for girls.
About eight - in - ten Republicans ( 82 % ) are very concerned when it comes to Islamic extremism in the world and 71 % are very concerned about the U.S. specifically ; among Democrats, about half ( 51 % ) are very concerned internationally and 46 % nationally. Concern about rising Islamic extremism in the world ( 62 % very concerned ) is 25 points higher than it was in July 2011 and 13 points higher than in November 2009, shortly after the Ft. Hood shootings. Concern about extremism in
Older Americans are more opposed to the use of military force than those in other age groups, but most believe that, in principle, the best way to ensure peace is through military strength rather than effective diplomacy. Americans under age 30 generally favor the opposite approach. Since 1987, the belief in military strength as the best way to ensure peace has never fallen below 60 % among those ages 65 and older, while on average only 44 % of younger Americans subscribe to that opinion.
A median of 42 % across 32 countries say that the internet is a bad influence on morality
Opinion about Russia is mixed, but confidence in its president, Vladimir Putin, has declined sharply.
Democrats and Democratic leaners are 20 percentage points more likely than Republicans and Republican leaners to view the issue of sexual assault and harassment as very important. Nevertheless, nearly nine - in - ten Republicans ( 87 % ) say it is at least somewhat important. Very few Republicans or Democrats regard this issue as not important.
If the election for Congress were being held today, 63 % of Latino registered voters said they would support the Democratic congressional candidate in their district, while 29 % said they would support the Republican candidate.
about three - quarters of U.S. adults ( 76 % ) say working full time is ideal for fathers, while just 33 % think this is the ideal situation for mothers.
After years of stagnating growth and start - stop economic recoveries, just three - in - ten Japanese believe economic conditions in their country are good, down 7 percentage points from last year.
About half of 2.2 million people who sought asylum in Europe during the 2015 and 2016 refugee surge were still in limbo at the end of 2016 and did not know if they would be allowed to stay. Among Europe ’s asylum seekers waiting on decisions as of the end of 2016, an estimated two - thirds had not had a decision made on their case – and another third ( about 385,000 ) were appealing their first decision after being rejected. For asylum seekers from certain countries, the share waiting was much higher than the share approved. For example, an
The public remains divided in views of the Democratic Party : 47 % have a favorable opinion and 46 % have an unfavorable view. Comparable percentages of Democrats ( 85 % ) and Republicans ( 81 % ) view marijuana legalization favorably.
As of May 2011, over eight in ten internet users ages 18 - 29 use social networking sites ( 83 % ), compared with seven in ten 30 - 49 year - olds ( 70 % ), half of 50 - 64 year - olds ( 51 % ), and a third of those age 65 and older ( 33 % ).
In 2019, a majority ( 55 % ) of white Democratic and Democratic - leaning registered voters identified themselves as liberal. Among white Democrats, 19 % called themselves very liberal in 2019, compared with 6 % in 2000. By contrast, more black Democratic voters continue to characterize their views as moderate rather than liberal. In 2019, 43 % of black Democrats called themselves moderate, 29 % called themselves liberal and 25 % called themselves conservative.
Jehovah ’s Witnesses have comparable levels of highly involved members ( 64 % ), while evangelical Protestants ( 43 % ), members of historically black Protestant denominations ( 41 % ) and those in other Christian groups have lower average levels of congregational involvement.
Since 2012, the number of Hispanic eligible voters has increased by 4 million, accounting for 37 % of the growth in all eligible voters during that span.
more say the Democratic Party “ cares about the middle class ” ( 57 % ) than say that about the Republican Party ( 42 % ).
Some 77 % of single - device owners said their one device was a cell phone. Another 17 % of those with one device said it was a desktop, while 6 % said it was a laptop. Fewer than 1 % of these one - device owners said their only device was an e - reader, and none said that their one device was a tablet computer.
19 % say they very closely followed news about the financial crisis in Greece and violent protests there. Just 4 % say this was the story they followed most closely, while news about the crisis made up 4 % of coverage.
About a quarter of Democrats who are very interested in the news feel misunderstood ( 27 % ), compared with about four - in - ten of the somewhat interested ( 39 % ) and roughly half of those not interested ( 52 % ).
roughly a third of Catholics who attend Mass weekly ( 34 % ) say children being raised by a same - sex couple is acceptable and as good as any other arrangement, which is similar to the share who see this as unacceptable ( 36 % ).
A poll last week by the Pew Research Center found that 59 % of Democratic voters said there was a “ good chance ” they would vote for Clinton. That is higher than the 52 % of Democrats who said there was a good chance they would back Clinton at a comparable point in 2007.
In two polls conducted over the past few months, 42 % favor same - sex marriage while 48 % are opposed. In polls conducted in 2009, 37 % favored allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally and 54 % were opposed.
About two - thirds of the public ( 64 % ) give officers a warm rating on the scale ( between 51 and 100 ), including 45 % who rate them very warmly ( 76 - 100 ). Fewer give a neutral rating of 50 ( 16 % ), and just 18 % give a cold rating on the scale ( 0 - 49 ).
Among these young online economic users, three - quarters say that they go online to relax by watching online videos ( 74 % ) or listening to music online ( 73 % ) ; roughly half play online games ( 52 % ) or go online to chat with friends ( 55 % ) ; and two in five post their own original creations online.
Today, half of Latinos ( 51 % ) express satisfaction with the direction of the country, a 13 percentage point increase over 2011, when 38 % said the same.
Just 10 % say the Republican Party has more concern than the Democratic Party for the Hispanic community, unchanged since 2012. Instead, the share of Hispanic registered voters who say there is no difference between the two parties is up, to 35 % today from 23 % in 2012.
Trump receives much lower marks for both the job he has done explaining his plans and policies ( 39 % approve ) and for his cabinet choices ( 41 % approve ) than Obama received in 2009. Eight years ago, 70 % approved of the job Obama had done explaining his plans and policies for the future and 66 % said they approved of his cabinet selections.
Asked how they would feel if they saw a drone flying close to where they live, relatively large shares of Americans say they would be curious ( 58 % ) or interested ( 45 % ). At the same time, around one - in - four ( 26 % ) say they would be nervous, and around one - in - ten say this would make them feel angry ( 12 % ) or scared ( 11 % ).
Among those who are motivated by a desire to have fun or for something to do in their spare time, around one - quarter ( 27 % ) also say that they engage in this work to help fill gaps or fluctuations in their other income. Meanwhile, around one - in - five say they are also motivated by a desire to gain work experience ( 19 % ) or because of a lack of other jobs in their area ( 17 % ), while 15 % cite the need to control their own schedule due to other obligations.
In 2010, four - in - ten Millennials said the national news media was having a positive impact on the way things were going in the country, a far more positive view than among older generations ( just 27 % of Silents and Baby Boomers and 29 % of Generation Xers said this ).
Newsroom employees are also more likely than workers overall to be male. About six - in - ten newsroom employees ( 61 % ) are men, compared with 53 % of all workers.
Muslims make up roughly 1 % of the adult population in the U.S., while across Europe as a whole ( including Eastern Europe ), they are estimated to form roughly 5 % of the population, including 6 % in the UK and Germany, and nearly 9 % in France. Also, 46 % of American adults say they personally know a Muslim, compared with significant majorities in most Western European countries, including 71 % in the UK and 79 % in France.
About half ( 52 % ) of American adults lived in middle - class households in 2016. This is virtually unchanged from the 51 % who were middle class in 2011.
About one - in - four Americans ( 26 % ) who have been harassed online say an acquaintance was behind their most recent incident, according to a recent Pew Research Center report. And in other cases, targets of online abuse are even more familiar with their harassers : 18 % of those who have been harassed say their most recent incident involved a friend, while 11 % say it involved a family member. Smaller shares say their most recent experience involved a former romantic partner ( 7 % ) or a co - worker
During much of Barack Obama ’s presidency, Millennials have been some of his strongest supporters, rating his job performance much more positively than those in older generations. And today — with Obama ’s overall approval rating at 51 %, the highest in nearly three years – the generation gap in approval is among the widest since he took office in 2009.
Americans continue to be split in their preferences for the size and scope of government : 48 % of adults say they would rather have a smaller government with fewer services provided, while 46 % say they would prefer a bigger government with more services.
Saudi Arabia has a young and rapidly growing Muslim population. The kingdom has more than 30 million inhabitants, and roughly 93 % of them are Muslim.
In early January, 46 % of the public said “ a large number of refugees leaving countries such as Iraq and Syria ” was a major threat to the well - being of the U.S. About a third ( 35 % ) considered this a minor threat, while 16 % said this was not a threat.
About half of American adults ( 49 % ) “ ever play video games on a computer, TV, game console, or portable device like a cellphone, ” and 10 % consider themselves to be “ gamers. ”
Two - thirds ( 67 % ) of adults say scientists do not have a clear understanding, while 28 % say scientists have a clear understanding of the health effects.
49 % of Americans say they think the law ’s major provisions are probably “ here to stay ” while 43 % say they probably will be eliminated.
Three - quarters of Chinese believe their country is playing a more important role in the world today compared with a decade ago.
Ten of the 12 companies reported revenue growth through the third quarter of 2014 compared with the same period a year earlier ( 21st Century Fox and Meredith operate on a fiscal year that ends June 30, therefore the revenues reported here for those two companies are for July 1 through September 30.
Specifically, a majority of Americans ( 58 % ) believe gene editing will very likely lead to increased inequality because it will only be available to the wealthy
The current ratings are more pessimistic than in recent years, as the public generally takes an optimistic view of the year to come. A year ago, 56 % thought 2014 would be a better year than the last, compared with fewer ( 35 % ) who thought it would be worse.
About half of the public ( 49 % ) says government aid to the poor does more good than harm, because people are unable to escape poverty until basic needs are met. Nearly as many ( 44 % ) say government aid to the poor does more harm than good, by making people dependent on the government.
37 % believe it will get better over the next five years, while 34 % believe it will get worse.
Roughly nine - in - ten teens ( 88 % ) spend time with their friends via text messaging at least occasionally, and 55 % do so every day.
The favorability of the EU has fallen from a median of 60 % in 2012 to 45 % in 2013.
Women ( 55 % ) are more likely than men ( 46 % ) to believe that the trilateral trade agreement has been good for the U.S. And about twice as many men ( 25 % ) as women ( 12 % ) say NAFTA has been very bad for the country. Roughly six - in - ten ( 62 % ) Americans ages 18 to 29 voice the view that the trade deal has been good for the country ; only 26 % see it as bad. Those ages 50 and older lean in
the KaZaa user base dropped most notably. Between November 2003 and February 2004 alone, comScore estimates that over 5 million fewer people are actively running KaZaa.
a majority ( 56 % ) says that U.S. troops should be brought home as soon as possible, while 39 % favor keeping troops in Afghanistan until the situation has stabilized.
Americans hold very similar opinions about the election of President Barack Obama : 29 % say Obama ’s elections in 2008 and 2012 were part of God ’s broader plan, but just 3 % say God chose him to be president because God approved of his policies
Republicans, however, are nearly three times as likely to feel that news organizations do n’t understand them ( 73 % ) as they are to say they feel understood ( 25 % ). By comparison, most Democrats ( 58 % ) say they feel understood by the news media, while four - in - ten say they do not.
Three - in - ten ( 30 % ) say they followed news about the economy more closely than any other story. Somewhat fewer ( 23 % ) cited the presidential campaign as their top story. News about the presidential election topped news coverage, accounting for 23 % of the newshole.
80 % of older Japanese say the Chinese are nationalistic, while 65 % of younger Japanese agree.
Most people who encounter immigrants who do not speak English well are n’t bothered by this. Most Americans say they often ( 47 % ) or sometimes ( 27 % ) come into contact with immigrants who speak little or no English. Among those who say this, just 26 % say it bothers them, while 73 % say it does not.
Overall, the public expresses modest levels of trust in major technology companies to do what is right. Only 3 % of Americans think these companies can be trusted to do what is right just about all of the time, notably smaller than the share ( 14 % ) that thinks they can hardly ever be trusted.
a median of 73 % express a positive opinion of the U.S., while 65 % hold this view about China.
Most Republicans and their leaners say abortion should be illegal ( 62 % ) in all or most cases, with a larger share saying it should be illegal in most cases ( 45 % ) than in all cases ( 17 % ). Republicans who live in the Northeast and those who identify as moderate or liberal are less likely than other Republicans to say abortion should be illegal in all cases.
among Hispanic registered voters in 2016, 678,000 were registered as Democrats, 610,000 indicated no party affiliation and 479,000 were registered as Republicans.
The oil spill and the immigration debate each made up 16 % of the newshole analyzed by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism. Meanwhile, economic news totaled 24 % of coverage, with the largest shares devoted to coverage of Goldman Sachs and allegations of fraud against the company ( 9 % ), the debate over strengthening Wall Street regulation ( 6 % ) and the economic crisis in Greece ( 3 % of newshole ). Other economic news made up another 6 % of coverage.
Nearly half ( 47 % ) say they followed news about Haiti more closely than any other story.
Roughly three - quarters of U.S. adults in this category hold one or more New Age beliefs, including six - in - ten who believe spiritual energy can be located in physical things and 54 % who believe in psychics. And among those who say they are religious and spiritual, 65 % espouse at least one New Age belief.
While 74 % of Millennials own an mp3 player, only 56 % of members of Gen X do — and adoption rates continue to drop for each of the older generations. Only 3 % of adults age 75 and older own this type of device. Overall, 42 % percent of all adults age 18 and older own a game console, and it is especially popular with members of the Millennial Generation and Generation X. Sixty - three percent of all adults ages 18-46 own a game console like an Xbox or Play Station
About two - thirds of internet users use social networking sites ( SNS ) and all the major metrics for profile management are up, compared to 2009 : 63 % of them have deleted people from their “ friends ” lists, up from 56 % in 2009 ; 44 % have deleted comments made by others on their profile ; and 37 % have removed their names from photos that were tagged to identify them.
Describing Trump as charismatic is more common, though global publics on balance do not think of him as charismatic, either. They do, however, see Trump as a strong leader – a median of 55 % across the nations polled describe him this way.
The views of police and the public also differ sharply on whether the country has made the changes needed to give blacks equal rights with whites. A lopsided majority of officers ( 80 % ) say the country has made the necessary changes. But the public is more divided : 48 % say the needed changes have been made while 50 % believe that more changes are needed to assure equal rights for black Americans.
Roughly half ( 53 % ) say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy ; 41 % say they are hearing mostly bad news while just 5 % say they are hearing mostly good news.
Of the 72,151 from India employed under OPT, 84 % had STEM degrees, the highest percentage of any origin country. Iran ( 79 % ), Bangladesh ( 74 % ) and Sri Lanka ( 70 % ) also had high shares of STEM graduates.
those 70 and older are about four times as likely as the youngest adults ( those ages 18 to 29 ) to say the coronavirus outbreak is a major threat to their health but not their finances ( 25 % vs. 6 % ).
Currently, 46 % of Republicans, and just 24 % of independents and 15 % of Democrats, give the economy at least a good rating.
Overall, 56 % say that the United States has mostly failed in achieving its goals in Afghanistan, compared with 36 % who say it has mostly succeeded.
the region continues to have the highest under-5 mortality rate, with 86 deaths per 1,000 live births.
In a 2011 Pew Research Center survey, 64 % said American parents were not putting enough pressure on their children to do well in school ; just 11 % felt parents were putting too much pressure on their kids and 21 % thought the amount of pressure was about right.
Majorities of U.S. military veterans say the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan were not worth fighting. Among veterans, 64 % say the war in Iraq was not worth fighting, while 58 % say the same about the war in Afghanistan.
As in the past, Mexicans overwhelmingly support the use of the Mexican army to fight drug traffickers ; 85 % are in favor of this approach.
About a quarter of the public ( 24 % ) say they very closely followed news about Congress passing legislation to extend payroll tax cuts and unemployment benefits that otherwise would have expired. This was the top story for 6 %. News about the legislation accounted for 4 % of coverage.
About half each say health care costs ( 53 % ) and the price of food and consumer goods ( 48 % ) have a major impact.
When it comes to the content of congressional Facebook posts, those that were more confrontational were more likely to inspire “ angry ” reactions.
Many people in Asia - Pacific countries have negative views of North Korea. Among the countries surveyed, the Japanese are most negative on North Korea : 94 % say they have an unfavorable view, including 78 % who say they have a very unfavorable opinion. In Australia, the U.S. and South Korea, roughly three - quarters or more say they have unfavorable views. Across the region, only Filipinos have a generally positive view of North Korea, with more than half
By a margin of nearly two - to - one ( 62 % to 32 % ), more Americans now say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry than say they are opposed.
Hispanics are more likely than Americans overall to say they or someone in their household has experienced a pay cut or lost their job because of the coronavirus outbreak, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted March 19 - 24. Around half ( 49 % ) of Hispanics say they or someone in their household has taken a pay cut or lost a job – or both – because of the COVID-19 outbreak, compared with 33 % of all U.S. adults.
majorities say that abortion should be illegal during the second ( 64 % ) and third ( 80 % ) trimesters of pregnancy.
Most women ( 71 % ) say it is more difficult to be a mother today than it was 20 or 30 years ago. But in Pew ’s 1997 motherhood survey, an even greater percentage of women expressed this view ( 81 % ).
Half of all Trump supporters say undocumented immigrants living in the U.S. are more likely than American citizens to commit serious crimes. However, 59 % of Trump supporters who support him strongly say this, compared with 42 % of those who do not support him strongly. Similarly, while fewer than three - in - ten Trump backers who only moderately support the candidate think that undocumented immigrants mostly fill jobs American citizens would like to have ( 29 % ), these views are somewhat more prevalent among those who support Trump strongly (
while a majority of Americans ( 53 % ) oppose allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally, support for gay marriage is at its highest point since July 2003. For the first time, a majority ( 53 % ) favors permitting gays and lesbians to enter into legal arrangements that would give them many of the same rights as married couples.
Women make up a slight majority ( 53 % ) of active DACA recipients, while 47 % are men
adults with family incomes of at least $ 150,000 annually tend to express a stronger preference for early technology adoption on this summary index ( 39 % do so ) compared with those at middle- and lower - income levels.
Overall, 19 % of the public paid very close attention to news about the fired U.S. attorneys and 8 % said this was the single news story they followed more closely than any other.
Before the outbreak, over a third ( 35 % ) of Hispanics said they more often outwardly express their Hispanic identity than five years ago by speaking Spanish in public ( 24 % ), talking about their pride in being Hispanic ( 25 % ) or wearing clothing that shows their Hispanic heritage ( 10 % ). Meanwhile, a similar share of Hispanics ( 33 % ) said they more often express their U.S. identity by speaking only English in public ( 21 % ), talking
By and large, Americans have confidence that reviews and ratings can be beneficial : Majorities say reviews have at least a somewhat positive effect on consumer confidence ( 88 % think they help a lot or some ), product safety ( 80 % ) and company accountability ( 78 % ).
Fully 68 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents think there has been too much media coverage of demonstrations, while 18 % think the amount of coverage has been about right and 11 % say there has been too little coverage. By contrast, 43 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners think there has been the right amount of coverage, 29 % think there has been too little and 26 % say there has been too much media coverage of demonstrations these days.
Buddhists made up roughly 7 % of the world ’s population in 2015, but they are expected to decrease to roughly 5 % by 2060.
71 % of Americans say there should be a way for people in the United States illegally to remain in this country if they meet certain requirements, while 27 % say they should not be allowed to stay legally.
Before the rampage, Americans said they were tracking news about the economy most closely, but in the survey ’s fourth and final day – the Sunday following the horrific events in Arizona – 34 % said they were following news about the shooting of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords most closely, double the 17 % that said they were following news about the economy most closely.
For instance, because of their dense concentration in a small number of countries, 99 % of Jews and Hindus lived in nations where members of their groups were harassed. And despite being one of the most geographically dispersed religious groups, 97 % of Muslims lived in countries where harassment of Muslims occurred in 2015.
U.S. newspaper circulation reached its lowest level since 1940. Total daily newspaper circulation ( print and digital combined ) was an estimated 28.6 million for weekday and 30.8 million for Sunday in 2018.
Democrats have always been more supportive of this idea than Republicans ( 90 % of Democrats last year wanted leaders who compromised ).
Among Western Europe ’s six largest economies, the shares of adults living in middle - income households increased in France, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, but they shrank in Germany, Italy and Spain. From 1991 to 2010, the middle - class share in the UK increased from 61 % to 67 %, but it decreased from 78 % to 72 % in Germany.
A 59 % majority of those in lower - income households believe the federal aid will help them, compared with just 22 % in upper - income households.
During the five - year period from 2005 to 2010, a total of 1.4 million Mexicans immigrated to the United States, down by more than half from the 3 million who had done so in the five - year period of 1995 to 2000. Meantime, the number of Mexicans and their children who moved from the U.S. to Mexico between 2005 and 2010 rose to 1.4 million, roughly double the number who had done so in the five - year period a decade before.
Three - quarters ( 75 % ) of Germans say increased trade with the United States would be good for Germany. But just 18 % say it would be very good. And 79 % of Americans say increased commerce with Germany would be good for the United States. And, among these respondents, 29 % say more German - American trade would be very good.
Across the 10 European nations polled, a median of 47 % say Germany plays a more important role than a decade ago, while 36 % believe it plays as important a role and just 15 % think it is less important. Only 25 % think France plays a more important role, while a roughly equal share say it is actually less important.
Solid Liberals are the largest group in the Democratic coalition, and they make up close to half ( 48 % ) of politically engaged Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents.
Puerto Rico ’s population began declining in 2006 and has continued every year through 2013, while the population of Puerto Ricans on the U.S. mainland has grown, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data.
With the exception of Muslims in France, they tend to identify themselves primarily as Muslim rather than as British, Spanish, or German. In France, Muslims are split almost evenly on this question. The level of Muslim identification in Britain, Spain, and Germany is similar to that in Pakistan, Nigeria, and Jordan, and even higher than levels in Egypt, Turkey, and Indonesia.
About one - in - three Americans ( 32 % ) say they are very closely following news about the deadly typhoon that struck the Philippines on Nov. 8. By comparison, 55 % of the public closely followed the aftermath of the 2011 tsunami in Japan, 58 % followed the tsunami that struck coastlines around the Indian Ocean at the end of 2004 and 60 % followed the 2010 Haiti earthquake.
over the entire course of 2010 1 % of news coverage was devoted to Iraq events and policy debates, and in no week did Iraq consume more than 10 % of the newshole.
During the first two years of the nation ’s economic recovery, the mean net worth of households in the upper 7 % of the wealth distribution rose by an estimated 28 %, while the mean net worth of households in the lower 93 % dropped by 4 %.
In fact, in all but one of the G20 countries surveyed – Russia – majorities say global climate change is a major threat to their nation. South Koreans are the most concerned, with 86 % considering it a major threat. At the other end of the spectrum, 43 % of Russians see global climate change as a major threat.
While Latinos use mobile and social networking technologies at rates similar to those of other groups, they lag whites when it comes to owning a desktop or laptop computer or accessing the internet ( with or without a mobile device ).
Iran received some of the lowest marks among the countries asked about in this year ’s survey, which also included the U.S. and China. A 14 - country median of 71 % said they disliked Iran, making critical views of it more common than unfavorable opinions of the U.S. and about as common as negative assessments of China.
Nearly four - in - ten ( 38 % ) say they are hearing mostly bad news about the economy, up from 29 % in February. Just more than half ( 53 % ) say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy, down from 64 % in February.
50 % of adults said they sympathized more with Israel in its dispute with the Palestinians. Just 10 % sympathized more with the Palestinians, while about as many ( 13 % ) volunteered that they sympathized with neither side.
Asian workers in the U.S. are the most likely to have completed at least a bachelor ’s degree. In 2016, about two - thirds ( 65 % ) of Asian workers ages 25 to 29 had at least a bachelor ’s degree, compared with 47 % of white workers in this age group.
Three quarters ( 75 % ) disapprove of workplace raids ; some 79 % prefer that local police not take an active role in identifying illegal immigrants ; and some 55 % disapprove of states checking for immigration status before issuing driver ’s licenses.
As debates over abortion continue in states around the country, a majority of Americans ( 61 % ) continue to say that abortion should be legal in all ( 27 % ) or most ( 34 % ) cases. A smaller share of the public ( 38 % ) says abortion should be illegal in all ( 12 % ) or most cases.
In 2011 nearly two - thirds ( 64.6 % ) of U.S. Hispanics traced their family origins to Mexico.
Only about a quarter ( 24 % ) believes Japan plays a more important role in the world today compared with 10 years ago. About a third ( 34 % ) says Japan plays a less important role. And 39 % hold the view that Japan ’s role is about as important today as it was a decade ago.
About 188,600 foreign students held master ’s degrees in 2017, a 9 % increase over the previous year – far lower than the 45 % annual increase seen in 2016.
Today, 25 % say Trump has made race relations worse, while 17 % say he has made them better and 53 % say he has not made a difference.
Bachelor ’s degree recipients from private schools graduated with higher average debt than those with four - year degrees from public schools. A typical private non - profit college graduate in 2011 - 2012 who borrowed to complete their education graduated with $ 32,308 in loans ( those graduating from private for - profit colleges owed even more, at about $ 40,038 ), compared with $ 25,640 among public university graduates the same year.
The Hispanic population grew to 53 million in 2012, a 50 % increase since 2000 and nearly six times the population in 1970.
Since 2006, the proportion of Americans who own a desktop computer has fallen slightly from 68 % to 59 %, while the proportion with a laptop computer has increased dramatically—from 30 % in April 2006 to 52 % in September 2010.
Nearly half ( 48 % ) of Indians think China ’s relationship with Pakistan poses a very serious problem for India.
About a third of 18- to 29 - year - olds ( 35 % ) say the pandemic has been made a bigger deal than it really is
Today, 39 % of Americans say the U.S. is doing too much to solve world problems, a drop from the 51 % who said the same last November. Those saying that the U.S. does too little to address global problems has nearly doubled, from 17 % to 31 %.
Fully 58 % disapprove of their job performance, up from 40 % in January. Among Democrats, disapproval of Democratic leaders has approximately doubled since January ( from 13 % to 27 % ). Still, a solid majority of Democrats ( 58 % ) approve of the job the party ’s congressional leaders are doing.
Nearly half ( 48 % ) of smartphone - dependent Americans have had to cancel or shut off their cell phone service for a period of time because the cost of maintaining that service was a financial hardship.
Across 37 countries we surveyed in spring 2017, a median of just 22 % said they have confidence in Trump to do the right thing in world affairs. In contrast, 64 % expressed confidence in President Barack Obama in these same 37 nations during the final years of his presidency.
In 2016, many people across the nations polled say the U.S. is the world ’s leading economic power. Australia stands out as the one nation polled where at least half ( 52 % ) say China is the top economy in the world, compared with 32 % who say it is the U.S.
Social Security numbers are ranked as the most sensitive information, while people ’s purchasing habits ranked lowest as something they felt was very sensitive.
Just 11 % of all registered voters say they would be excited if Trump won, 26 % say they would be relieved, while a majority says they would be disappointed ( 34 % ) or angry ( 25 % ). Just 12 % overall would be excited if Clinton wins, while 36 % would be relieved ; nearly half would be disappointed ( 29 % ) or angry ( 20 % ).
About four - in - ten adults ( 38 % ) say they are “ not too ” or “ not at all ” confident that they will have enough income and assets for their retirement
In broad terms, developing alternative energy is viewed ( by 60 % to 30 % ) as a more important priority than expanding the exploration and production of oil, coal and natural gas, according to a December 2014 survey.
Among likely voters who are consistent conservatives, 97 % say they will vote for the Republican candidate for U.S. House in their district ; 91 % of those with mostly conservative opinions will also do so. Among Democrats and Democratic leaners, 49 % of those with very unfavorable opinions of the GOP are likely to vote, compared with 33 % of those with mostly unfavorable views.
More than half of married U.S. adults ( 56 % ) – both with and without children – say sharing household chores is “ very important ” to a successful marriage. That ranks behind having shared interests ( 64 % ) and a satisfying sexual relationship ( 61 % ), but ahead of having children ( 43 % ) and having adequate income ( 42 % ).
Today, Democrats, Republicans, and independents are about equally likely to say they have given thought to 2016 candidates. In March 2007, Democratic voters were somewhat more attentive to the election than their Republican counterparts ( 71 % said they had given it at least some thought, compared with 64 % of GOP voters ).
Unauthorized immigrants accounted for 3.5 % of the 2012 U.S. population of nearly 316 million and 26 % of the nation ’s foreign - born residents, according to the center ’s estimates.
immigrant Hispanics are the most likely to see an impact on their community. Some 73 % say this, compared with 58 % of U.S.-born Hispanics.
Across the 10 economically advanced nations surveyed, a median of 65 % believe that when children in their country grow up, they will be financially worse off than their parents.
Fully, 61 % of Americans reported following news about the campaign very closely.
In Turkey, only about half ( 51 % ) have a positive view of their prime minister, down 11 percentage points from 2013.
In 2010, some 15.9 % of whites attended a school where minorities made up at least half of all students. By comparison, more than three - quarters of Hispanics and blacks ( and six - in - ten Asians ) attended these “ majority - minority ” schools.
Opinions also are divided about the tax law ’s impact on the country as a whole : 35 % say the law will have a mostly positive effect on the country, 40 % a mostly negative effect and 15 % say it will have little effect.
Eight - in - ten Americans say they had heard a lot ( 29 % ) or a little ( 52 % ) about an international health panel warning of a possible link between cell phone use and brain cancer.
February ’s seasonally adjusted hiring rate — defined as hires as a percentage of total nonfarm employment — was 3.3 %, the same as it ’s been since October last year. In fact, there ’s been no significant improvement in the hiring rate for nearly three years.
Most Americans say a college education is not worth the cost. In fact, 57 % say that college students receive only a fair ( 42 % ) or poor ( 15 % ) return for the money they and their families spend on their education. Just 5 % of the public says college students receive excellent value for their money, and 35 % say colleges provide good value.
The content of email messages and the people with whom one communicates via email are considerably more sensitive pieces of information when compared with other online activities and associated data trails.
For instance, because of their dense concentration in a small number of countries, 99 % of Jews and Hindus lived in nations where members of their groups were harassed. And despite being one of the most geographically dispersed religious groups, 97 % of Muslims lived in countries where harassment of Muslims occurred in 2015.
there is broad awareness of details related to how the Zika virus is spread ( 86 % know it is primarily spread by mosquitoes ).
About four - in - ten ( 39 % ) Americans say the U.S. should help other countries deal with their problems, while a narrow majority ( 52 % ) says the U.S. should deal with its own problems and let other countries deal with their problems as best they can.
Among those who say their side loses more than it wins politically, 27 % are angry at the federal government – three times the percentage among those who feel like their side wins more frequently ( 9 % ).
By two - to - one ( 37 % - 18 % ), more believe the economy will be in worse shape a year from now than believe things will improve.
54 % say that their phone is “ not always needed, ” while 46 % say that it is something they “ could n’t live without. ”
About two - thirds of Republicans and Republican - leaning registered voters ( 68 % ) say free trade has been a bad thing for the U.S., while only 24 % say it has been good for the country. These views, which have shifted starkly since May 2015, when 51 % of Republican voters said free trade was a good thing for the U.S. and 39 % said it was bad, came as President - elect Trump criticized free trade throughout the 2016 election cycle.
Fully 74 % in the U.S. say increased trade with Japan would be a good thing, and 29 % think it would be very good for the U.S.
In the 2012 election an estimated 70 % of eligible voters in the Baby Boom, Silent and Greatest generations voted. Turnout among these generations was similar in 2004 ( 70 % ) and 2008 ( 69 % ).
The ranks of photographers, artists and videographers have been trimmed by nearly half ( 43 % )—from 6,171 in 2000 to 3,493 in 2012, according to ASNE.
33 % of Americans now cite dissatisfaction with government and lawmakers as the nation ’s top issue. That figure not only surpasses the economy ( 19 % ) and unemployment ( 12 % ), but is the highest such percentage dating back to 1939 for what Gallup describes as “ dysfunctional government. ” Gallup said that the economy and jobs as the nation ’s top problem had already been declining this year.
At least half in all of the nations surveyed say Russia is more influential now compared with a decade ago. Lebanon is particularly likely to say Russia ’s role has grown, with Shia ( 81 % ) and Sunni Muslims ( 77 % ) sharing this view.
Facebook remains the most used social media site among American teens ages 13 to 17 with 71 % of all teens using the site, even as half of teens use Instagram and four - in - ten use Snapchat.
The leaders were Nexstar, at 40 % growth, and Sinclair, at 35 %.
About 3.9 million kindergarten through 12th - grade students in U.S. public and private schools in 2014 – or 7.3 % of the total – were children of unauthorized immigrants, according to new Pew Research Center estimates based on government data.
Among those who say white people do not benefit too much from advantages that blacks do not have, a smaller majority ( 57 % ) approve of Trump ’s job performance, including 39 % who strongly approve.
70 % approve of the current U.S. government policy while just 25 % disapprove.
More than half of the public ( 56 % ) says they have a favorable opinion of Barack Obama, down from 65 % in November 2009. About seven - in - ten ( 69 % ) say they have a favorable opinion of Michelle Obama, about the same as the 71 % that said this in November.
More than nine - in - ten Italians ( 94 % ) considered immigration to be a big problem, including 64 % who said it was a very big problem in Italy.
Roughly eight - in - ten blacks with at least some college experience ( 81 % ) say they ’ve experienced racial discrimination, at least from time to time, including 17 % who say this happens regularly.
Across 30 political values, the differences between Republicans and Democrats dwarf all other differences by demographics or other factors. The 39 - point average gap is more than twice the difference between white and nonwhite adults ( 17 percentage points ) ; people who regularly attend religious services and those who do not ( 14 points ) ; college graduates and those who have not completed college ( 10 points ) ; younger and older adults ( also 10 points ) ; and men and women ( 6 points ).
Modi remains by far the most popular national figure in Indian politics tested in the survey. His favorable rating is 31 percentage points higher than that of Sonia Gandhi, the leader of the Congress party, and is 30 points more than that for Rahul Gandhi, who led the Congress ticket in the last Lok Sabha election.
Union membership peaked in 1954 at nearly 35 % of all U.S. workers, but in 2018 the unionization rate was just 10.5 %.
in California, the state with the largest Hispanic population, 30 % say they prefer “ Hispanic ” and 17 % say they prefer the term “ Latino. ” In Florida, results are similar—31 % prefer “ Hispanic ” and 17 % prefer “ Latino. ” The pattern for New York and all other states is nearly the same.
news about the Iraq war continued to draw considerable public interest. A third followed news about the situation in Iraq very closely, while 23 % said it was the story they followed most closely. In addition, 30 % paid very close attention to the debate in Washington over U.S. policy in Iraq, and 10 % said this was the story they followed most closely. More than a quarter of the public paid very close attention to the debate in Congress over new immigration policy, and 12 % listed this as their top story. Hispanics followed this story slightly more closely
Majorities of each group were satisfied with their family life, financial situation and current job. There were no statistically significant differences between the two groups on any of those three measures on overall satisfaction, though private school graduates were somewhat more likely than public school graduates to say they were “ very satisfied ” with their personal financial situation ( 44 % vs. 34 % ).
Across 27 nations polled this year – many of them G20 member countries – a median of 85 % said that growing trade and business ties with other countries is a good thing.
About three - quarters ( 76 % ) of Democrats say the ease with which people can legally obtain guns contributes a great deal or fair amount to gun violence, compared with just 39 % of Republicans. By contrast, more than eight - in - ten Republicans ( 84 % ) and Democrats ( 88 % ) say the ease with which people can illegally obtain guns contributes a great deal or a fair amount to gun violence.
Concern over drugs reached a peak in 1990 when 37 % of the public cited it as the top national problem.
For instance, 84 % of the French who are following the race have confidence in Obama, compared with 60 % confident in Clinton.
In Israel, 82 % name the U.S. as the country they can most rely on as a dependable ally in the future
Nearly three - quarters of Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 72 % ) say their bigger concern is that congressional Democrats will not do enough to oppose Trump and his policies. Just 20 % say they are more concerned that Democrats in Congress will go too far opposing Trump and his policies.
Overall, 68 % of U.S. adults say childhood vaccinations should be required, while 30 % say parents should be able to decide. Among all age groups, young adults are more likely to say vaccinating children should be a parental choice. Some 41 % of 18- to 29 - year - olds say parents should be able to decide whether or not their child gets vaccinated ; only 20 % of adults 65 or older echo this opinion. Older Americans are strong supporters of requiring childhood vaccinations –
There were 91 reported aggravated or simple assaults motivated by anti - Muslim bias in 2015, just two shy of the 93 reported in 2001. Separately, the number of anti - Muslim intimidation crimes – defined as threatening bodily harm — also rose in 2015, with 120 reported to the FBI. Again, this was the most anti - Muslim intimidation crimes reported in any year since 2001, when there were 296. Overall, the FBI reported 257 incidents of anti - Muslim hate crimes in 2015, a
About half ( 52 % ) had a favorable opinion of the FJP, while 44 % expressed a negative view. Meanwhile, ratings for both the NSF ( 45 % favorable, 52 % unfavorable ) and al - Nour ( 40 % favorable, 52 % unfavorable ) were on balance negative.
More than one - fifth of the national newshole ( 21 % ) was devoted to the presidential campaign, while news about the war drew only about half as much coverage. The campaign also was the public ’s top story last week, with 20 % citing the news about the presidential candidates as the story they followed most closely.
In a survey conducted in the region in 2014, 9 % of respondents across 19 Latin American countries said they were raised as Protestants, while 19 % identified Protestant ( or evangelical ) Christianity as their current religion.
Roughly one - quarter of Americans ( 27 % ) say they have chosen not to post something after witnessing online harassment, while a similar share ( 28 % ) say they adjusted their privacy settings after seeing this type of online behavior.
In 2012 the median household income was $ 51,017, still below the pre - recession 2007 level ( $ 55,627) and also below the all - time peak level reached in 1999 ( $ 56,080 ).
76 % in France say they have a favorable view of Muslims living in their country, similar to the 72 % registered in 2014. Meanwhile, the percentage with a very favorable opinion of Muslims has increased significantly, rising from 14 % last year to 25 % today.
Roughly six - in - ten Japanese ( 61 % ) support increasing economic sanctions against North Korea to deal with Pyongyang ’s nuclear program. Only 25 % back deepening ties with North Korea.
More than six - in - ten say the national government ( 68 % ), the court system ( 65 % ) and the military ( 63 % ) are having negative influences on the way things are going in Venezuela.
A majority of Germans believe it is more important for Germany to have strong ties with the United States than with Russia.
The Gulf spill was the most covered news story in nine weeks out of a 14 - week period studied by Pew Research Center. Our study of media coverage from April 20 to July 28, 2010 showed that the spill accounted for 22 % of the newshole ( almost double the next - biggest story ) and generated 31 % of cable news airtime.
Across 10 measures that Pew Research Center has tracked on the same surveys since 1994, the average partisan gap has increased from 15 percentage points to 36 points. Two decades ago, the average partisan differences on these items were only somewhat wider than differences by religious attendance or educational attainment and about as wide as the differences between blacks and whites ( 14 points, on average ). Today, the party divide is much wider than any of these demographic differences.
One - in Three Americans ( 34 % ) paid very close attention to news about the presidential campaign and roughly the same proportion ( 32 % ) listed this as their most closely followed story of the week. Republicans and Democrats followed campaign news equally closely last week. Coverage of the campaign well surpassed all other major stories.
When asked about the top problems facing their country, rising prices, electricity shortages, a lack of job opportunities, and crime top the list. Nine - in - ten or more name these as very big problems facing their nation. Half or more of Pakistanis rate 11 of the 16 issues included on the survey as very big problems.
Nationally, workers appear to be in shortest supply in two service sectors : professional / business services and healthcare / social assistance. Both had well over 1 million job openings in April – roughly one - third more than the sector with the third - highest number, accommodation and food services. All three of those sectors had openings rates of 5 % or higher, as did the catchall “ other services ” sector.
Voters who cast their ballots for Joe Biden are much more hopeful than Biden supporters were in June : 72 % now say they are hopeful about the country, compared with 42 % then.
Last year, nearly a third of the retail employment surge ( 202,400 jobs ) occurred at clothing and accessories stores, and more than a quarter ( 177,400 jobs ) at department stores.
42 % of Republicans and Republican leaners with an annual household income of less than $ 30,000 support broadband subsidies for lower - income Americans. But that figure falls to just 10 % among Republicans from households earning $ 75,000 or more a year. Overall, however, Republicans at all income levels are less likely to support broadband subsidies than Democrats of comparable incomes.
The same pattern arises when it comes to companies that make smart speakers sharing audio recordings of customers with law enforcement to help with criminal investigations : 49 % say this it is unacceptable, while 25 % find it acceptable.
Among white Americans, who are less likely to find the issue very important to their vote in 2016, 41 % think race is given too much attention in the U.S., and fewer ( 28 % ) say it gets paid the right amount of attention. White Republicans are especially likely to say the issue of race is paid too much attention in this country today : Roughly six - in - ten ( 59 % ) think this is the case ; 11 % think it ’s paid too little attention, and 26 % think
More than three - in - four ( 75 % ) Latinos, and 84 % of foreign - born Latinos, say their current personal finances are in either fair or poor shape, while 61 % of the general U.S. population says that.
A large majority of Clinton supporters ( 70 % ) say the Earth is warming mostly because of human activity, but just 22 % of Trump supporters share that view. Nearly half of Trump supporters ( 47 % ) say the Earth is warming because of natural patterns, and three - in - ten ( 30 % ) say there is no solid evidence the Earth is warming.
Fully six - in - ten multiracial Americans, including large shares across each of the major multiracial groups, say they are proud of their mixed racial background, and about the same percentage say their background has left them more open to different cultures. And most multiracial Americans, like other minorities, have experienced some form of racial discrimination ranging from racial slurs to physical threats.
Young Japanese ( 63 % ), those ages 18 to 34, are more likely than those ages 50 and older ( 47 % ) to see the U.S. as a threat.
Parents look a lot like non - parents in this regard, though there are differences between mothers and fathers : Parents on Facebook are especially avid users : 75 % log on daily, including 51 % who do so several times a day. This is a statistically significant difference when compared with non - parents, of whom 67 % log on to Facebook daily, including 42 % who do so several times a day.
Americans are more likely to prioritize greater cooperation with Germany than Germans are to prioritize increased cooperation with the U.S. About seven - in - ten in the U.S. ( 69 % ) want more cooperation with Germany, compared with half of Germans ( 50 % ) who want more cooperation with the U.S. Instead, Germans are most likely to say they want greater cooperation with France ( 77 % ) and Japan ( 69 % ) among the countries tested.
There is little difference in views of the nation ’s global standing by race and ethnicity : About three - in - ten whites ( 30 % ) and blacks ( 31 % ) and about a quarter of Hispanics ( 26 % ) view the U.S. as above all other nations.
Nearly six - in - ten Americans ( 57 % ) do not believe the changes in the Middle East will lead to lasting improvements for people living in the affected countries, up sharply from 43 % in April 2011. And a majority of Americans ( 54 % ) continue to say it is more important to have stable governments in the Middle East, even if there is less democracy in the region. Just 30 % say democratic governments are more important, even if there is less stability.
Catholics ’ views on these and similar questions may reflect the fact that American Catholics themselves are experiencing family life in all its modern complexity. One - quarter of Catholics say they have been divorced, including one - in - ten who are now remarried. And fully 44 % of U.S. Catholics say they have lived together with a romantic partner outside of marriage at some point in their lives, including 9 % who are currently cohabiting.
Since the end of World War II, there have been 225 successful coups in countries with populations greater than 500,000, according to the Center for Systemic Peace. Seventy - seven countries have experienced at least one successful coup since World War II, according to the center ’s data. Thailand has had the most coups, with 10 ; it also was the site of the world ’s most recent coup, in May 2014. Bolivia and Syria each have had eight coups in the past seven decades, while Argentina has had seven. Most recently
Among the nation ’s 10.4 million unauthorized adults, a shrinking share have been in the country for less than five years—15 % in 2012, compared with 38 % in 2000. A rising share have lived in the U.S. for a decade or more—62 % in 2012, compared with 35 % in 2000. About a fifth ( 21 % ) had been in the U.S. for two decades or more as of 2012.
The use of cell phones as a “ distraction device ” or multitasking tool during programming breaks is the most prevalent of the seven individual connected viewing behaviors that we measured in our survey. Some 38 % of adult cell owners reported using their mobile device to keep themselves occupied during commercials or other breaks in a program they were watching within the last 30 days.
The share of Americans who read in order to research specific topics or interests has remained largely unchanged over the last four years. Some 73 % of Americans report that they have read at least one book in the last year. That is nearly identical to the 74 % who reported doing so in a survey conducted in 2012, although lower than the 79 % who reported doing so in 2011.
Workers at larger private sector employers are more likely to have paid family leave available. According to the NCS data, 23 % of workers at employers with 500 or more employees had access to the benefit ( up from 17 % in 2010 ), while only 9 % of workers at employers with fewer than 100 employees do.
Most Americans ( 61 % ) say “ people are too quick to undergo cosmetic procedures in order to change their appearance in ways that are not really important, ” while a minority 36 % says “ it ’s understandable that more people undergo cosmetic procedures these days because it is a competitive world and people who look more attractive tend to have an advantage. ”
26 % overall say they are angry at the federal government, while 51 % feel frustrated. Just 17 % say they are basically content with the government.
When asked specifically about Kashmir, a majority of Indians ( 55 % ) see the situation there as a very big problem. More than half ( 53 % ) say circumstances in Kashmir have gotten worse over the last five years, and a majority ( 58 % ) believes the Indian government should use more military force than it uses currently in dealing with tensions in the area.
Women are much more likely than men to say people should be able to feel welcome and safe in online spaces ( 63 % to 43 % ), while men are more likely than women to say it is important for people to be able to speak their minds freely online ( 56 % to 36 % ). Similarly, half of women say that offensive content online is too often excused as not being a big deal, whereas 64 % of men – and 73 % of men ages 18 to 29 – say that many people take this type
In Argentina, only a quarter ( 26 % ) held a lot or some confidence in Chavez in 2008, a drop of 14 percentage points from 2007. Similarly in Mexico, confidence ratings in Chavez declined 11 percentage points from 17 % to 6 %. In Brazil, the drop was less substantial, from 17 % to 12 %.
These two topics – the 9/11 anniversary and the economy ’s troubles – also topped media coverage. News about the anniversary and developments related to terror on the home front together accounted for 18 % of coverage, according to the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism. News about the economy made up a total of 28 % of the newshole. About two thirds of that ( 19 % of all coverage ) focused on Obama ’s Sept. 8 jobs speech, while 9 % focused on economic news more generally.
Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are now 21 points more likely than Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents to express confidence in Putin ( 31 % vs. 10 % )
Millennials are projected to become the nation ’s largest living adult generation in 2019, surpassing Baby Boomers. Numbering 71 million in 2016, the Millennial population is expected to continue growing as young immigrants expand its ranks. Millennials also are approaching the Boomers in their share of the American electorate.
Democrats feel warmly toward Clinton, while Republican views of her are very cold. Hillary Clinton is a polarizing figure in U.S. politics. In a survey conducted this spring, Democrats give her an average rating of 73 on a 0- to - 100 “ feeling thermometer, ” where 100 is the warmest, most positive rating and zero the coldest, most negative. Republicans, on the other hand, give her an average rating of 12, and 59 % give her a zero on the scale.
Half say using military force against countries that may seriously threaten the U.S. – but have not attacked it – can often ( 12 % ) or sometimes ( 38 % ) be justified. About as many ( 48 % ) say such pre - emptive use of military force can rarely ( 28 % ) or never ( 20 % ) be justified.
Obama was by far the most visible candidate in the news last week. Two - thirds of the public ( 67 % ) named Obama as the candidate they ’ve been hearing the most about in the news in the past week or so. Roughly one - in - five ( 22 % ) named Clinton and just 2 % named McCain.
Republicans, for example, are somewhat less likely than Democrats to say local journalists are in touch with the communities they serve ( 61 % of Republicans say this vs. 67 % of Democrats ) and that local news media cover the area where they live ( 49 % vs. 54 % ) and have a lot of local influence ( 34 % vs. 40 % ).
Currently, just 24 % of the public approves of the job being done by the party ’s leaders in Congress. That is down from 33 % in July, and equals a low measured at about the same time last year. Disapproval stands at 60 %, matching the number from one year ago. Shortly after Barack Obama took office in 2009, approval of Republican leaders stood at 34 %.
In addition, black Muslims are much more likely than nonblack Muslims to have been born in the United States ( 69 % vs. 36 % ), though less likely than black Christians ( 90 % ).
73 % of whites, but only 56 % of blacks agreed that the position of blacks in American society has improved in recent years.
about six - in - ten Americans ( 59 % ) feel exhausted by the amount of election coverage, while 39 % say they like getting a lot of coverage about the election.
Some 47 % of U.S. adults say the media does a good job covering global climate change, while 51 % say they do a bad job.
Fully 86 % have a favorable view of Duterte himself, 78 % support his handling of the illegal - drugs issue and 62 % say that the Philippine government is making progress in its anti - drug campaign.1
The polling variability in 2004 falls close to that seen in 1984 and 1988, when the average spread was 2.2% and 2.3%, respectively, and slightly above the election of 2000 ( at 1.7 % ).
Overall, 37 % of Americans cite the health care reform debate as the single news story they followed most closely this past week, while 18 % cite news about the economy.
About half ( 53 % ) say this, while only 35 % say they spend too little time with their children, according to the survey. Fathers without a bachelor ’s degree are particularly likely to say they spend too little time with their kids. About seven - in - ten dads with some college or less education ( 69 % ) say this is the case, compared with half of dads with at least a bachelor ’s degree.
Among religiously affiliated Southern teens, roughly four - in - ten say they regularly pray before eating lunch at their public school ( 38 % ), compared with smaller shares in the Midwest ( 23 % ), West ( 20 % ) and Northeast ( 13 % ) who say this.
Today, just over half of Americans ( 53 % ) believe current economic ties between the U.S. and China are bad. Fewer ( 41 % ) think economic relations between the two nations are good, with just 2 % of American adults saying ties are very good
87 % agree with the statement “ Scientists should take an active role in public policy debates about issues related to science and technology. ” Just 13 % of these scientists back the opposite statement : “ Scientists should focus on establishing sound scientific facts and stay out of public policy debates. ”
Views of Chinese President Xi Jinping are, on balance, negative across the 34 countries surveyed. A median of 45 % say they lack confidence in him when it comes to world affairs, compared with a median of 29 % who say they trust him to do the right thing.
The disparity is most pronounced in New Zealand, where the top quartile of most active legislative tweeters produced 76 % of all legislative tweets.
In the closing years of the Obama presidency, a median of 64 % had a positive view of the U.S. Today, just 49 % are favorably inclined toward America.
About 2.5 million Latinos are registered to vote in Florida for the 2020 presidential election, making up a record 17 % of the state ’s total. This is up from 2016, when about 2 million Latinos were registered to vote, accounting for 16 % of Florida ’s registered voters.
Through much of this election cycle – especially in recent months – interest in campaign news has been comparable to interest in the 2008 race. Four years ago, the percentage following presidential election news very closely dipped following the early primary fights between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton but then ramped up sharply at the end of the summer as the parties met to nominate their candidates. Interest continued to rise until Election Day.
47 % of registered voters support the Republican candidate in their district or lean Republican, while 43 % favor the Democratic candidate or lean Democratic.
More Hispanics than Americans overall say the outbreak is a major threat to their personal financial situation ( 50 % vs. 34 % ), day - to - day life in their local community ( 49 % vs. 36 % ) and their personal health ( 39 % vs. 27 % ).
Only 5 % of blacks say they are Catholic, compared with 21 % of the public overall, including 19 % of whites, 48 % of Hispanics and 17 % of Asian Americans.
In particular, economic issues loom large. China ’s growth rate has slowed, its stock markets have recently plummeted and it is facing a variety of economic challenges, but Americans are still concerned about economic threats posed by China – especially the amount of U.S. debt held by Beijing, the U.S.-China trade deficit and the loss of American jobs to China.
The U.S. unemployment rate was little changed in January, ticking up to 5.7 % even as 759,000 more people reported having jobs, according to Friday ’s report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
A majority of Americans ( 54 % ) say that gun ownership in this country does more to protect people from becoming victims of crime, while 40 % say it does more to put people ’s safety at risk.
About a quarter of the public ( 24 % ) say they very closely followed news about the deadly suicide bomb in Afghanistan on Dec. 30 that killed seven CIA employees and a Jordanian intelligence officer ; 6 % say this was the story they followed most closely last week.
Moreover, when asked whether they consider themselves as a national citizen first or as a Muslim first, French Muslims split relatively evenly ( 42 % vs. 46 % ) on the issue.
News reports about swine flu and the availability of a vaccine were followed very closely by about a quarter of the public ( 26 % ), while 9 % named news about swine flu as their top story of the week.
The stories that included a direct tweet from Trump were more likely than others to have an overall negative assessment of him or his administration – that is, had at least twice as many negative as positive statements. Just over half of stories that had a tweet from Trump ( 54 % ) had a negative assessment, 12 percentage points higher than stories that did not contain any of his tweets ( 42 % ).
In 2018, the birth rate for Hispanic and black teens ages 15 to 19 was almost double the rate among white teens and more than five times as high as the rate among Asians and Pacific Islanders.
The Baby Boom generation is an example of a generation that is largely delineated by demography. Its oldest members were part of the spike in fertility that began in 1946, right after the end of World War II. Its youngest members were born in 1964, shortly before a significant decline in fertility that occurred after the birth control pill first went on the market. Other generations are less strictly defined by demography, though it plays an important role in designations including Generation X and Millennials – the two generations that followed the Baby Boomers.
Slightly more than a quarter ( 27 % ) say they heard a lot last week about CBS correspondent Lara Logan being attacked while covering events in Egypt.
There are strong generational differences on climate change, energy issues and other topics. On climate change, 31 % of those ages 65 and older say the Earth is warming due to human activity, compared with 60 % of those ages 18 - 29. And when asked which should be a more important priority – alternative energy sources, such as wind or solar, or expanding production of oil, coal and natural gas – 48 % of those 65 and older favor alternative energy, compared with 74 % of those under the age of 30.
India replaces China as the world ’s most populous country : India ’s population is expected to increase by 400 million by 2050.
For the most part, Obama ’s approval score is mixed and below the 50 % mark. Last week ’s Gallup rating was 47 % approve : 45 % disapprove. Pew Research had him at 49 % :43 %. This compares to CNN ’s 45 % :54 % rating.
Across the eight nations polled, a median of 66 %, including 90 % of the French, think children today will be worse off financially than their parents when they grow up.
About half ( 51 % ) declare any religious affiliation at all, versus close to eight - in - ten U.S. adults ; about a fifth ( 17 % ) are both religiously affiliated and say religion is very important in their lives, compared with just over half ( 54 % ) of the general public. Nearly four - in - ten ( 38 % ) of those “ more religiously committed ” LGBT adults are evangelical Protestants, while a quarter ( 24 % ) are mainline Protestants
Just 15 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents approve of the health care law passed by President Barack Obama and Congress ; a greater share ( 32 % ) says the government has a responsibility to ensure health care coverage for all Americans.
Among those who say they have discussed these topics with their children, 70 % say they raised the issues while only 10 % say their children initiated the conversations.
U.S. Census Bureau data show that 144,000 more people left the island for the mainland than the other way around from mid - 2010 to 2013, a larger gap between emigrants and migrants than during the entire decades of the 1970s, 1980s or 1990s.
54 % say that it would be “ somewhat ” or “ very ” difficult to find the tools and strategies that would enhance their privacy online
In December, a majority of the public ( 82 % ) also said Trump should be more cautious in “ the kinds of things he says and tweets ” once he becomes president. Just 15 % said there is no need for him to change.
Disabled Americans were politically engaged in the 2016 presidential election. In a survey conducted in the early summer of 2016, about seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) Americans who self - identified as disabled said it “ really matters who wins the election, ” compared with 59 % of Americans who did not report having a disability.
In 2016, about four - in - ten ( 41 % ) households headed by someone in this age range were renting, up from 31 % in 2006. Rental rates also went up among households headed by someone ages 45 to 64, rising from 22 % of households in 2006 to 28 % in 2016.
Opinions about the national economy have changed even more dramatically over this one - year period. Two - thirds now say Brazil ’s once - booming economy is in bad shape, while just 32 % say the economy is good. In 2013, the balance of opinion was reversed : a 59 %-majority thought the country was in good shape economically, while 41 % said the economy was bad.
By contrast, nearly two - thirds ( 64 % ) say the government provides too much help for wealthy people.
Among adults who say they have Hispanic ancestors ( a parent, grandparent, great grandparent or earlier ancestor ) but do not self - identify as Hispanic, the vast majority – 81 % – say they have never thought of themselves as Hispanic.
Parents are more likely to be Facebook friends with their parents than non - parents, 53 % vs. 40 %. They also are more likely to be friends with their neighbors on the network, 41 % vs. 34 % of non - parents.
the share of GOP members who identify as Catholic also has grown from the 111th Congress ( 21 % ) to the 114th ( 28 % ). Meanwhile, the percentage of Catholics among House Democrats has dropped slightly, from 38 % to 36 %, over that same time period.
Historically, speeches have been by far the most popular way to announce a candidacy. But so far in the 2016 race, two candidates ( Hillary Clinton on Sunday and Republican Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas in March ) went online to make their big announcements, while two others ( GOP Sens. Marco Rubio of Florida on Monday and Rand Paul of Kentucky on April 7 ) took the traditional approach with a speech. Clinton made her announcement with an online video posted on her campaign website ( as she did for the 2008 election ), while Cruz declared in a midnight tweet
The median Twitter user produces two tweets per month. However, among the most prolific tweeters – defined as those in the top 10 % in the number of tweets they send – the median user produces 138 tweets each month.
Across the nine African nations polled, a median of 60 % say they expect their country ’s economy to improve over the next 12 months, the highest of any region.
In a 2014 Pew Research Center survey, roughly three - quarters of adults said it was OK for people to use their phones while walking down the street, riding public transit or waiting in line, but far fewer found it acceptable to use cellphones during a meeting, at the movies or in church.
Fully 64 % of Democratic and Democratic - leaning registered voters say Trump would make a terrible president. That is by far the highest percentage among the seven GOP candidates in the survey.
Roughly six - in - ten parents say they have either checked which websites their teen has visited or looked at their teen ’s social media profile. And about half say they have looked through their teen ’s phone call records or messages.
two - thirds of Chinese said in 2015 that their nation would eventually replace the U.S. – or had already replaced it – as the world ’s leading superpower. Americans, on the other hand, were split. About half ( 48 % ) believed China would never surpass the U.S. as the world ’s leading superpower, while 46 % said that China would eventually replace the U.S. or already had.
The median age of non - internet users is 59, and 25 % report having household incomes under $ 20,000 per year.
Making or receiving payments is one of the least - used cell phone activities among the countries surveyed, but it is much more common in Africa, especially Kenya ( 68 % of cell phone owners ) and Uganda ( 50 % ). In the 18 countries surveyed outside of sub - Saharan Africa, a median of only 8 % say they use their cell phones for making and receiving payments.
Now, just over half of Americans ( 55 % ) say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally, while 37 % remain opposed
those in Turkey were somewhat less concerned about the regional impact of Syria ’s civil war, although a 55 %-majority still worried that the violence would spread. Even more Turks ( 62 % ) fretted that the conflict would cross into their own country.
Among those ages 18 to 25, 94 % of non - Hispanics use a cell phone, compared with eight - in - ten ( 80 % ) Hispanics. Eighty percent of Latinos ages 18 to 25 use a cell phone, and 94 % of their non - Hispanic counterparts do the same.
The median age of Web - using adults who got news from The Daily Show was 36 years last year, similar to that of its then - companion show, The Colbert Report ( 33 years ). This is much younger than for other television news shows, both on cable and broadcast networks, including the network evening news programs and cable news shows like O ’Reilly, Anderson Cooper 360 and the Rachel Maddow Show.
A small majority ( 53 % ) says they should pay a fine but not be deported. A small minority ( 13 % ) says they should be deported, and a larger minority ( 28 % ) says they should not be punished.
More than six - in - ten Republicans ( 63 % ) give China an unfavorable rating, compared with 51 % of independents and 50 % of Democrats.
Greeks have the least favorable views of the United Nations, the EU and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ). Roughly two - thirds of Europeans have a favorable view of the UN, compared with roughly four - in - ten Greeks ( 41 % ). Nearly six - in - ten Europeans ( 59 % ) view NATO favorably, compared with just a quarter of Greeks.
Mothers who are not working for pay spend more time, on average, on child care and housework than do working mothers, but they also have more time for leisure and sleep.
Even prior to the Pulwama attack in Indian - administered Kashmir, majorities of Indians voiced concern about terrorism and the threat posed to their country by Pakistan.
Republicans generally see an economy that is thriving ; 56 % judge it as excellent or good. Democrats and independents see it much more negatively ; just 28 % of independents and 23 % of Democrats say the economy is doing well.
only about half of Republicans ( 47 % ) agree that “ there needs to be stricter laws and regulations to protect the environment. ” This represents a decline of 17 points since 2009 and a fall of nearly 40 points, from 86 %, since 1992.
The shortfall in employment relative to its potential is greatest for black workers. Their employment in the fourth quarter of 2011 is estimated to be 12 % ( about 2 million ) below its potential. The current employment gap is estimated to be more than 7 % ( 7 million ) for whites, nearly 6 % for Hispanics ( upwards of 1 million ) and 5 % for Asians ( less than 0.5 million ).
the media devoted more attention to news about unrest in the Middle East ( 20 % of coverage ) than any other story last week, according to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ). Just 4 % of coverage was devoted to the aftermath of the Arizona shootings.
The biggest gap occurred during 1970-1975, when the group of leading industrial nations was established. At that time, the global fertility rate was 4.47 projected lifetime births per woman, but 2.03 among G7 nations.
Both black and Hispanic respondents were more likely than whites to say they feel they need to stay tuned in to news about the coronavirus outbreak. Roughly four - in - ten black adults said this ( 39 % ), as did 36 % of Hispanics. Around a quarter of white adults ( 23 % ) said the same.
Catholics are more likely than other Americans to be immigrants or children of immigrants. Indeed, more than a quarter of U.S. Catholic adults ( 27 % ) were born outside the country, compared with 15 % of U.S. adults overall ; most of these Catholic immigrants ( 22 % of all U.S. Catholics ) are from elsewhere in the Americas. As of 2014, an additional 15 % of Catholic Americans have at least one foreign - born parent. That leaves 57 % of Catholics who were born in the U
Western publics are more likely than other nations to view Americans as rude.
Around a quarter of U.S. adults ( 27 % ) said Biden had received the worst news coverage in the weeks leading up to the survey
Overall, 54 % of Americans say they pay about the right amount in taxes, considering what they get from the federal government, while 40 % say they pay more than their fair share. Just 5 % believe they pay less than their fair share.
There are stark differences between and within the U.S. and Germany when it comes to which foreign policy partner is considered most important. Among Americans, 36 % choose the United Kingdom as the most or second - most important foreign policy partner. Roughly two - in - ten say China ( 23 % ) and Canada ( 20 % ) are top partners, but Germany is chosen by only 13 % as the most or second - most important partner, in between Israel at 15 % and Mexico at 12 %.
Roughly half of Americans ( 52 % ) say Barack Obama ’s expression of support for gay marriage did not affect their opinion of the president. A quarter ( 25 % ) say they feel less favorably toward Obama because of this while 19 % feel more favorably.
About four - in - ten Brazilians ( 42 % ) believe the political instability will get worse in the next five years, 29 % say the problem will stay the same and roughly a quarter ( 24 % ) believe the instability will get better.
Asked an open - ended question about their first choice for the nomination, 26 % of Democratic and Democratic - leaning registered voters favor Biden, 21 % Sanders, 16 % Warren, 7 % Buttigieg and 5 % Bloomberg.
Pope Francis has called on Europe ’s Catholics to do more to house refugees.
Overall, 51 % say their greater concern about military action is that the U.S. will go too far getting involved in the situation. Fewer ( 32 % ) say they are more concerned that the U.S. will not go far enough in stopping Islamic militants.
About six - in - ten Americans ( 61 % ) say the higher education system in the United States is going in the wrong direction
The number of people ages 5 and older who speak Arabic at home has grown by 29 % between 2010 and 2014 to 1.1 million, making it the seventh most commonly spoken non - English language in the U.S. Meanwhile, the number who speak Spanish at home has grown only 6 % over the same time period.
Among parents who say their child watches videos this way, 53 % say their child does this daily, including 35 % who say their child watches these videos on the platform several times a day.
Among immigrants ages 5 and older in 2018, half ( 53 % ) are proficient English speakers – either speaking English very well ( 37 % ) or only speaking English at home ( 17 % ).
15 % of online adults who use Twitter as of early 2012 is similar to the 13 % of such adults who did so in May 2011.
Given the option, 74 % of U.S. adults say it is more important to be able to “ keep things about themselves from being searchable online, ” while 23 % say it is more important to be able to “ discover potentially useful information about others. ”
a majority of Lebanese had favorable views of Christians, Sunnis and Shiites alike. The same was true in India of Hindus and Muslims, as well as in the Philippines of Christians and Muslims.
A majority ( 57 % ) of adults say the U.S. has n’t gone far enough when it comes to giving women equal rights with men
Around six - in - ten Hispanics ( 63 % ) say the U.S. government has done a somewhat ( 36 % ) or very bad ( 26 % ) job at dealing with the increased number of people seeking asylum at the nation ’s southern border.
Some 49 % think it is possible to trim regulations and still protect air and water, while 47 % believe it is not possible to protect those resources with fewer regulations.
About half of U.S. adults ( 51 % ) say transgender individuals should be allowed to use public restrooms that correspond with the gender they currently identify with.
Most notably, 72 % of teens say they at least sometimes check for messages or notifications as soon as they wake up ( with 44 % saying they often do this ).
In Germany, 54 % also supported a ban while in France an even larger majority — 78 % — did so. But in Great Britain, a solid majority ( 62 % ) thought the banning of scarves was a bad idea. Opinion was more evenly divided in Spain, where 43 % said the ban is a good idea and 48 % opposed it.
Roughly one - quarter of social media users ages 50 and older have used these platforms to look for work or to let their friends know about job openings, and 11 % of older social media users have applied for a job they first found out about on social media
Opinions vary widely across the countries surveyed on whether religion plays a more or less important role compared with 20 years ago. Those saying religion is more important ranges from 7 % in Spain and 8 % in Japan to 83 % in Indonesia and 65 % in Nigeria.
a larger share of Black people ( 33 % ) than Hispanics ( 26 % ) or whites ( 22 % ) say life for future generations of Americans will be better than life today
Some 34 % of older internet users say they have little to no confidence in their ability to use electronic devices to perform online tasks, while 48 % of seniors say that this statement describes them very well : “ When I get a new electronic device, I usually need someone else to set it up or show me how to use it. ”
This year, one - in - four ( 25 % ) Hispanics lack health insurance, the highest rate of any racial or ethnic group, according to the Current Population Survey ’s March 2014 Annual Social and Economic Supplement. About 14 % of the general U.S. population is uninsured. By contrast, among Hispanics without health insurance, 7 million are immigrants and 6 million are U.S. born. Four - in - ten ( 39 % ) Hispanic immigrants lack health insurance
only 15 % of the public believes that children today in Japan will grow up to be better off financially than their parents, while 76 % expect they will be worse off.
A January 2018 survey found growing partisan polarization in views of Pope Francis, with Catholic Republicans holding less favorable views of the pontiff than Catholic Democrats. That polarization persists today, with roughly nine - in - ten ( 87 % ) Catholic Democrats and Democratic leaners viewing Francis favorably compared with 71 % among Catholic Republicans and Republican leaners.
About as many Hispanics support the current system for deciding immigration cases as do those expediting the process ( 49 % – 47 % )
The number of Americans hearing mostly bad news about the economy has fallen 12 points over the past month and 31 points since fears of a new recession intensified in August. Currently, 56 % say the news they are hearing about the economy is a mix of good and bad, while 36 % say the news is mostly bad.
a clear majority of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 57 % ) now say the economic system is generally fair to most Americans. As recently as the spring of 2016, a 54 % majority of Republicans took the view that the economic system unfairly favors powerful interests. And while wide majorities of Democrats and Democratic leaners have long said that the U.S. economic system unfairly favors powerful interests, the share who say this has increased since 2016 – from 76 % then to 84 % today.
An estimated 800,000 to 1.2 million unauthorized immigrants lived in the United Kingdom in 2017, according to new Pew Research Center estimates based on the latest available data. This number is little changed since 2014.
A global median of 45 % say the Chinese government does not respect the personal freedoms of its people, while only 34 % say that it does
Just 48 % of Tunisians now say democracy is preferable to other kinds of government, down from 63 % in a 2012 poll conducted only months after a popular uprising removed longtime dictator Zine El Abidine Ben Ali from office. Similarly, when asked whether a democratic government or a leader with a strong hand could best solve the country ’s problems, only 38 % choose the former, down from 61 % two years ago. Meanwhile, the share of the public favoring a strong leader has risen from 37
Only 18 % of liberal Democrats say the U.S. mostly succeeded in achieving its goals, compared with 39 % of conservative and moderate Democrats. There is little difference between conservative Republicans ( 50 % ) and moderate and liberal Republicans ( 43 % ).
83 % said China ’s growing economy is a good thing for their country, while a comparable share ( 82 % ) said Chinese investment is a good thing because it creates jobs in their country.
the percentage of news stories devoted to the war has sharply declined since last year, dropping from an average of 15 % of the newshole in July to just 3 % in February.
In 2009, 61 % agreed with the statement “ labor unions are necessary to protect the working person, ” down from 68 % in 2007 and 74 % in 2003. In the same survey, six - in - ten ( 61 % ) agreed that “ labor unions have too much power, ” up from 52 % in 1999.
There is widespread opposition to internet censorship in emerging and developing nations. Majorities in 22 of 24 countries surveyed say it is important that people have access to the internet without government censorship. In 12 nations, at least seven - in - ten hold this view.
The decline in Clinton ’s favorability since August has come about equally among Democrats and Democratic leaners ( from 86 % then to 77 % today ) and Republicans and Republican leaners ( from 27 % to 17 % ). Bill Clinton ’s favorable rating has fallen 10 points since 2012. Currently, 58 % of the public views Bill Clinton favorably, down from 68 % in September of that year.
While these trends are occurring nationwide, they are playing out somewhat differently across urban, suburban and rural counties, according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data. Some of these variations are linked to demographic differences across the three community types – for instance, urban areas have higher shares of black residents, and rural areas have higher shares of older people. Overall, almost half ( 48 % ) of Americans ages 15 and older are married. The share is somewhat lower in urban areas ( 44 % ) than in suburban and rural areas
Clear majorities in the United Kingdom, France and Germany had at least some confidence in Obama, with shares reaching 93 % in Germany at the start of his presidency.
According to a new Pew Research Center survey spanning 37 nations, a median of just 22 % has confidence in Trump to do the right thing when it comes to international affairs. This stands in contrast to the final years of Barack Obama ’s presidency, when a median of 64 % expressed confidence in Trump ’s predecessor to direct America ’s role in the world.
The perception that China fails to consider the interests of others when making foreign policy decisions is widespread, particularly in the U.S., Europe, the Middle East and among China ’s neighbors South Korea, Japan and Australia.
22 % of Americans followed news about the search for the killer of a pregnant Marine, while 16 % listed this as the story they were following more closely than any other. Roughly three - in - ten followed news about the situation in Iraq very closely, but only 7 % listed this as their top story of the week.
While 60 % of smartphone owners ages 18 to 29 and roughly half of those ages 30 to 49 say they mostly use their cellphone to use the internet, those shares fall to about one - third or less among those ages 50 and older. On the other hand, smartphone users ages 50 and over are about twice as likely as those under the age of 50 to say they mostly access the internet through a computer of some kind ( 43 % vs. 21 % ).
In his first year as U.S. president, Donald Trump represented a clear break in style and substance from his predecessor, Barack Obama – and from many of the chief executives who came before them. The businessman -turned - politician upended Washington with unrestrained rhetoric and an “ America First ” agenda that included renegotiating international trade pacts, withdrawing from a worldwide climate change agreement and curtailing immigration into the United States. At home and abroad, the public reacted strongly to the White House ’s new occupant and his
Majorities of women across age groups say “ feministist ” describes them at least somewhat well, but those ages 50 to 64 are the least likely to say it describes them very well. Only 12 % in this age group say this, compared with 27 % of women ages 18 to 29, 19 % of women ages 30 to 49 and 20 % of women 65 and older.
Items related to the use of the internet and technology show substantial bias in Web - only samples. Smaller, but still significant, biases appear on items as diverse as political knowledge and financial circumstance. And equally important, even for questions where the overall differences are modest, there may be a sizeable bias among certain subgroups in the population, such as those 65 and older, where online and offline individuals are very different.
Around six - in - ten of these adults play puzzle and strategy games ( 62 % play each type ). Meanwhile, 49 % play adventure games, 42 % play shooter games, 39 % play role - playing games, 33 % play team sport or racing games and 32 % play simulation games.
37 % say they are following the debate over gun control very closely.
About a third of Americans ( 34 % ) say they followed news about the condition of the U.S. economy more closely than any other story last week.
Comparable shares say that if more Americans owned guns, there would be more crime ( 37 % ) or there would be no impact on the amount of crime ( 33 % ). About one - in - three say there would be less crime.
Americans focused most closely last week on news about the nation ’s struggling economy and President Obama ’s plans to draw down U.S. troops in Afghanistan. Two - in - ten ( 20 % ) say the economy was their top story, while 16 % say they followed the discussions in Washington about troop levels in Afghanistan more closely than any other top story, according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey conducted June 23 - 26 by the Pew Research Center.
In 2013, 73 % of Latinos ages 5 and older said they speak Spanish at home, down from 78 % who said the same in 2000.
The public is divided over President Obama ’s recent executive action that expands the number of undocumented immigrants permitted to stay and work in the U.S. About as many disapprove ( 50 % ) as approve ( 46 % ) of Obama ’s action, which could make up to 4 million people newly eligible for deportation relief. Roughly eight - in - ten Republicans ( 82 % ) disapprove of the executive action and about seven - in - ten Democrats ( 71 % ) approve of it
In 2014, Cubans made up a smaller share ( 31 % ) of Hispanic eligible voters – adult U.S. citizens – in Florida than they did in 1990 ( 46 % ).
mothers with children under age 18 were about three times as likely as fathers to say that being a working parent made it harder for them to advance in their job or career ( 51 % vs. 16 % ).
Millennial generation voters are inclined to back Barack Obama for reelection by a wide margin in a matchup against Mitt Romney, the Republican candidate who has run the strongest against Obama in many polls. By contrast, Silent generation voters are solidly behind Romney.
Currently, Democrats are more definite about their general election preferences than are Republicans : 73 % of Democratic and Democratic - leaning voters say they will definitely vote for the party ’s nominee, while 59 % of Republican and Republican - leaning voters say they will definitely vote for Trump.
while clear majorities of whites agree that government should do more to help the needy ( 55 % in the 2005 Typology ) and guarantee food and shelter ( 62 % in the 2003 Values survey ), the numbers of blacks expressing those views are much larger ( 72 % and 80 % ) — a differential that has remained essentially constant over time.
The current survey finds that positive views of the GOP among Republicans have declined 18 percentage points since January, from 86 % to 68 %. Independents also view the Republican Party less favorably ; 29 % today, compared with 37 % six months ago.
More than eight - in - ten churchgoing Christians say their primary church offers streaming or recorded services online or on TV, including roughly nine - in - ten evangelical ( 92 % ) and mainline Protestants ( 86 % ) who say this
In the United States, 65 % of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents give the EU a positive rating, compared with just 39 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents.
Most Americans continue to say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the nation ’s economy, though the percentage hearing mostly bad news has ticked up since last month. Nearly six - in - ten ( 57 % ) say they are hearing mixed news about the economy, 30 % say they are hearing mostly bad economic news and 11 % say they are hearing mostly good news, according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey, conducted April 5-8 by the Pew Research Center.
Among those who say almost everyone in their family shares their political views ( 22 % of the public ), an overwhelming share ( 82 % ) says their family is comfortable talking about politics.
The share of Republicans who say the deficit affects their finances a lot has declined by about half since 2011, from 48 % to 23 %. About one - in - five Democrats ( 22 % ) also say the deficit has a big financial impact, down from 38 % seven years ago.
Just half see the military effort in Iraq going very or fairly well, while nearly as many ( 46 % ) say things are not going well.
That “ effective delinquency rate, ” which excludes people who are n’t yet on the hook to start repaying their loans, has risen among all age groups but is highest among borrowers younger than 30 : 35 % of that subgroup was delinquent in 2012.
Those who consider themselves both Taiwanese and Chinese offer much more support ( 81 % ) for closer economic ties than those who feel only Taiwanese ( 37 % ) ; the gap in smaller on the idea of closer Taipei - Beijing political relations ( 62 % vs. 22 %, respectively ).
Text messaging is highly prevalent – in 19 of 21 countries, a majority of mobile phone owners regularly send text messages. Texting is most common among cell phone owners in Indonesia ( 96 % ), Kenya ( 89 % ), and Lebanon ( 87 % ), with eight - in - ten or more in Poland, Mexico, Japan and China also saying they regularly text.
Half of Americans say that their European allies should keep national defense spending at current levels, while 35 % say these allies should increase their defense spending. Only around one - in - ten ( 9 % ) say European allies should decrease their defense spending.
While the share of Republicans who trust the government has increased during Trump ’s time as president, only 28 % say they trust the government, compared with 12 % of Democrats.
People between the ages of 25 and 34 seem most aware of VoIP ; 32 % of those in this age range have heard of VoIP. Perhaps surprisingly, only 15 % of those between the ages of 18 and 24 have heard of VoIP, and this age group is slightly less like than average to have made a phone call online.
Only 19 % of Turks express a favorable opinion of the United States. And just 25 % have a positive view of the European Union.
Just 39 % in Greece expressed positive views of the U.S. Only about a third of Greeks ( 35 % ) have confidence in the American president to handle international affairs, with 62 % expressing little or no confidence.
About four - in - ten women without a four - year college degree ( 42 % ) say a woman has the best chance of success in politics if she has children early ; 57 % of women with a bachelor ’s degree or higher say this. About one - third ( 32 % ) of less educated women, compared with 21 % of college graduates, say a woman who wants to reach high political office should wait until she is well established in her career to have children.
Around one - in - ten Americans have used a home - sharing site such as Airbnb or HomeAway to stay in someone ’s home for a period of time.
Some 64 % of Republicans ( including Republican - leaning independents ) say major technology companies support the views of liberals over conservatives, and just 28 % say these companies support the views of liberals and conservatives equally. By contrast, 28 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say these companies support liberal views over conservative ones, and 53 % say both groups ’ views are supported equally. Just 16 % of Democrats say the companies support the views of conservatives over liberals.
Among Cubans, 38 % say the impact of unauthorized immigration is positive, but 28 % say the impact is negative and 27 % say there is no impact one way or the other. Among Puerto Ricans, roughly equal shares say the impact of unauthorized immigration on U.S. Hispanics is positive ( 34 % ), negative ( 29 % ) or has no effect ( 29 % ).
Currently, 49 % of Americans say it is more important to protect the right of Americans to own guns, while 46 % say it is more important to control gun ownership.
Middle - income households in Luxembourg lived on $ 71,799 annually in 2010, at the median, followed by $ 60,884 in the U.S. The middle class in Italy lived on a median income of $ 35,608.
While Twitter users are just as likely as others to consume news on any given day, they are more likely to consume it on mobile devices and less likely to engage with news via more traditional outlets. Twitterers are less likely to read a printed copy of a newspaper, but more likely to read a newspaper online, and more likely to read a news story on a cell phone or on a smart phone.
The press receives lower ratings for its coverage of Iraq from those who were following that story closely – 13 % rate the coverage excellent, 37 % say it ’s been good.
Nearly six - in - ten Republican and Republican - leaning voters ( 59 % ) say they have an excellent or good impression of their party ’s hopefuls
According to the Pew Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s Campaign Coverage Index, from Jan. 1 through June 15 of this year, Obama appeared as a significant newsmaker in 102 stories. Cindy McCain has appeared in just 28 stories over this period1.
Population growth among U.S. Hispanics has slowed since the start of the decade. From 2015 to 2019, the nation ’s Hispanic population grew by an average of 1.9 % per year – similar to the 2.1 % annual growth between 2010 and 2015, but down from annual growth of more than 3 % in earlier years.
While 44 % say that the president ’s economic policies have made economic conditions better, 29 % say they have made the economy worse ; 26 % say Trump ’s policies have not had much of an effect.
While about three - quarters of all veterans ( 73 % ) say readjusting to civilian life was very or somewhat easy, roughly one - in - four ( 26 % ) say it was at least somewhat difficult
The public ’s views of news about the overall economy have improved since last month : 60 % say they are hearing mixed news, while 33 % say the news is mostly bad and 5 % say the economic news is mostly good.
28 % of Americans surveyed June 26 - 29 say they followed news about problems with care at veterans ’ hospitals very closely and 21 % paid very close attention to news about the IRS losing employee emails.
President Bush ’s job approval rating reached its 2004 peak, at 58 %, in early January. Since February, Bush ’s ratings have fluctuated between 43 % and 48 %.
Around the globe, people associate a number of negative characteristics with the U.S. leader. Most say he is arrogant, intolerant and dangerous, while few think of him as well - qualified or as someone who cares about ordinary people.
In 2008 Millennials comprised 18 % of the electorate, but as a result of their relatively low turnout ( compared with older generations ) they made up only 14 % of Americans who said they voted. Millennial turnout was less impressive in 2012, when 46 % of eligible Millennials said they had voted.
Views among Republicans are much chillier : 43 % give cold ratings to college professors, including about a quarter ( 27 % ) who give a very cold rating. A significantly smaller share of Republicans ( 30 % ) give professors a warm rating, while 25 % take a neutral view. Conservative Republicans are especially likely to give very ( 31 % ) or somewhat ( 20 % ) cold ratings to professors. By contrast, moderate and liberal Republicans hold quite different views : More offer warm ( 49 % ) than
Majorities of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 89 % ) and Republicans and Republican leaners ( 83 % ) say it is important to increase the number of judges handling asylum cases. However, a larger share of Democrats ( 58 % ) than Republicans ( 45 % ) rate this as very important.
Roughly half of lower - income broadband users ( 52 % ) say they worry a lot or some about being able to pay for their high - speed internet connection over the coming months, compared with 26 % of those with incomes in the middle and just 9 % of those in the high - income tier. Among smartphone owners, 54 % of those who have lower incomes say they worry at least some about paying their cellphone bills, compared with 25 % of those who are middle income and just 9 % of upper - income
Reagan is the top choice among Boomers ( ages 54 to 72 ) and Silents ( ages 73 to 90 ) ; about four - in - ten in the two older generations name Reagan ( 42 % of Boomers, 38 % of Silents ).
Currently 66 % support a federal gun database and 54 % support an assault weapons ban.
The decline of deaths in Democratic districts has outpaced the national average, decreasing from an average of more than seven new deaths per day in mid - April to about four new deaths per day in the second half of May. During this same period, the number of new deaths in districts controlled by Republicans has remained relatively steady ( an average of just under two deaths per day in GOP districts ).
The share of voters younger than 30 who are following campaign news very closely is roughly half what it was at this point four years ago ( 18 %, down from 35 % ). Just 63 % of young registered voters say they definitely plan to vote this year, down from 72 % four years ago.
More than half of Americans ( 56 % ) see these bases as very important to U.S. national security, and only 13 % of Americans claim these bases are not important. Among Germans, 52 % say these American troops are vital for German national security, although only 15 % claim they are very important. And 45 % of Germans say the bases are not important, including 15 % who say they are not at all important.
Majorities of blacks ( 75 % ) and whites ( 64 % ) continue to say undocumented immigrants should be allowed to stay in the U.S. legally if certain requirements are met.
Six - in - ten Americans say it is the federal government ’s responsibility to make sure all Americans have health care coverage, including 31 % who support a “ single payer ” approach to health insurance, according to a new national survey by Pew Research Center. These views are little changed from last year, but the share saying health care coverage is a government responsibility remains significantly higher than it was from 2008 through 2016 ( 51 % said this in 2016, compared with 60 % today ).
In 1980, only 13 % of married women earned more than or about as much as their husbands. By 2000, the share had risen to 25 %. Today, 31 % of women who are married or cohabiting are contributing at least half of the couple ’s total earnings ( including 28 % who earn more than their husband or partner and 3 % who earn about the same amount ).
Some 65 % of the smartphone - only Americans say the smartphone lets them do all they need to online, according to our 2015 survey.
Currently, 63 % of Republicans and 53 % of Democrats say they are anticipating the midterm elections ; a similar gap was evident four years ago ( 60 % of Republicans vs. 48 % of Democrats ).
The two goals rated most highly by Latinos were being a good parent ( 51 % ) and having the resources to provide for their family ( 49 % ). Other top goals for Hispanics included having a successful marriage ( 30 % ) and being successful in a high - paying career or profession ( 22 % ).
About nine - in - ten Americans ( 91 % ) say that conflicts between the party coalitions are either strong or very strong. About seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) say these conflicts are very strong. About half of Americans ( 53 % ) say there are strong conflicts between black and white people, although just 19 % say these conflicts are very strong. Fewer than half of Americans say there are strong or very strong conflicts between young people and older people ( 41 % ) or between people who live in cities and those
Around two - thirds of police officers ( 68 % ) said in 2016 that the demonstrations over the deaths of black people during encounters with law enforcement were motivated to a great extent by anti - police bias
One of the largest gender gaps was on the ability to work out compromises : 41 % of women compared with 27 % of men said women are better at this.
About as many Latinos as the general public ( 46 % versus 43 % ) say equal priority should be given to enforcement and legalization. Just 10 % of Latinos say priority should be given to better border security and enforcement, compared with 29 % of the general public.
Majorities in every country surveyed say they disapprove of how the EU is handling refugees, including a staggering 94 % of Greeks and 88 % of Swedes.
Nearly six - in - ten in the U.S. ( 58 % ) believe allowing everyone to pursue their life ’s goals without interference from the state is more important. Majorities in all European nations polled in 2011 said guaranteeing that nobody is in need is more important.
Concern about extremism has increased in some of the countries surveyed, including Pakistan, where two - thirds of Muslims now say they fear the threat of Islamic extremism, compared with 58 % in 2012.
85 % say this is a major problem in the country.
In a Pew Research Center survey conducted in June 2013, about half ( 51 % ) of Americans said they had favorable opinions of labor unions, versus 42 % who said they had unfavorable opinions about them.
CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS and Fox News are all trusted by more than four - in - ten web - using U.S. adults.
In January 2016, 63.4 % of employed Millennials, the generation born between 1981 and 1998, reported that they had worked for their current employer at least 13 months. In February 2000, somewhat fewer 18- to 35 - year - olds ( 51.9 % ) – most of whom are today ’s Gen Xers – reported similar job tenure. Looking at young workers with longer tenures, 22 % of Millennial workers had been with their employer for at least five years as of 2016, similar to the share of Gen
Nawaz Sharif, who took office as prime minister just over one year ago, has maintained his popularity through his first year. More than six - in - ten Pakistanis ( 64 % ) say they have a favorable opinion of the prime minister, while 32 % view him unfavorably. Sharif ’s favorable rating is virtually unchanged from last year when he enjoyed 66 % favorability.
Events in Iraq were by far the most closely followed news story of the week. One - in - four Americans ( 24 % ) said this was the story they followed more closely than any other, greater than twice the number citing any other story listed.
More than two - thirds of special immigrant visas have gone to Afghans ( 48,601 ) since fiscal 2007 – the first year visas were awarded under the programs – while Iraqis have received 21,961 such visas.
Currently, 58 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents say colleges and universities have a negative effect on the way things are going in the country, while just 36 % say their effect is positive. Just two years ago, attitudes were the reverse : a 54 % majority of Republicans and Republican leaners said colleges were having a positive effect, while 37 % said their effect was negative.
In the current Congress, 20 % of senators and 19 % of representatives had prior military service, down drastically from just a few decades ago.
While internet access is lagging in India, cell phone usage is much more prevalent, with 77 % of the population owning a mobile device. About half of Indians who own a cell phone use them to send text messages, but only 37 % use the devices to take pictures or video. Even smaller shares of mobile phone owners use the devices to access a social networking site ( 9 % ) or to get political news and information ( 8 % ).
The U.S. Hispanic population reached 60.6 million in 2019, up from 50.7 million in 2010.
Nearly three - quarters ( 73 % ) of Americans say they approve of the U.S. re - establishing diplomatic relations with Cuba, up 10 points since January. A similar majority ( 72 % ) favors the U.S. ending its trade embargo against Cuba.
In January 2001, as George W. Bush took office, 35 % felt like they would gain under the new president, 26 % said they would lose, and 33 % said they would be unaffected.
Currently, 41 % say they get most of their news about national and international news from the internet, which is little changed over the past two years but up 17 points since 2007. Television remains the most widely used source for national and international news – 66 % of Americans say it is their main source of news – but that is down from 74 % three years ago and 82 % as recently as 2002.
18 % of Indian Americans identified themselves as Christians ; 10 % said they were Muslim.
The island ’s population grew by 10 % from 1980 to 1990, and by 8 % from 1990 to 2000.
Turks are generally dissatisfied with the state of their country. Just over half ( 54 % ) are dissatisfied with the way things are going in Turkey, while 44 % are satisfied.
About a quarter ( 27 % ) say news about the condition of the U.S. economy was their top story, while just 7 % cite the Occupy Wall Street protests as their top story.
An overwhelming majority of independents ( 81 % ) continue to “ lean ” toward either the Republican Party or the Democratic Party. Among the public overall, 17 % are Democratic - leaning independents, while 13 % lean toward the Republican Party. Just 7 % of Americans decline to lean toward a party.
The number of assaults against Muslims in the United States rose significantly between 2015 and 2016, easily surpassing the modern peak reached in 2001. In 2016, there were 127 reported victims of aggravated or simple assault, compared with 91 the year before and 93 in 2001.
About half ( 48 % ) of working dads say they spend too little time with their kids, compared with just 26 % of working moms. Most working moms ( 66 % ) say they spend the right amount of time with their kids.
About half of Americans ( 49 % ) and Germans ( 47 % ) agree with the statement, “ Our people are not perfect, but our culture is superior to others ; ” 44 % in Spain share this view. In Britain and France, only about a third or fewer ( 32 % and 27 %, respectively ) think their culture is better than others.
Opinion about expanding the use of nuclear power has fluctuated in recent years. However, the current measure matches a previous low in support for increased nuclear power recorded in September 2005 ( 39 % favor, 53 % oppose ).
About half of adults ( 48 % ) say having an open relationship is never acceptable, 20 % say it ’s rarely acceptable and 32 % say it ’s sometimes or always acceptable
In 2018, among workers ages 25 to 34, women ’s earnings were 89 % those of men, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of median hourly wages that includes full- and part - time workers.
Support for allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally is at its highest point in over 20 years of Pew Research Center polling on the issue. By a margin of nearly two - to - one ( 62 % to 32 % ), more Americans now say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry than say they are opposed. Views on same - sex marriage have shifted dramatically in recent years. As recently as 2010, more Americans opposed ( 48 % ) than favored ( 42 % )
By 57 % to 34 %, Republicans younger than 50 support a policy to grant permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children. By contrast, Republicans ages 50 and older are evenly divided ( 45 % favor, 45 % oppose ).
Fully 68 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents think there has been too much media coverage of demonstrations, while 18 % think the amount of coverage has been about right and 11 % say there has been too little coverage. By contrast, 43 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners think there has been the right amount of coverage, 29 % think there has been too little and 26 % say there has been too much media coverage of demonstrations these days.
The survey also finds that Nigerian Muslims overwhelmingly oppose Boko Haram, the extremist movement at the center of a violent uprising in northern Nigeria.
Obama retains broad support among members of his own party, though the share of Democrats who give him a positive jobs rating has fallen 10 points over the past year ( from 88 % to 78 % ).
The annual policy priorities list has shifted over the years. For example, jobs have long been a public concern, but the percentage citing improving the job situation as a top priority jumped 21 points from January 2008 to January 2009 – from 61 % to 82 %. Currently, 84 % say that improving the job situation should be a top priority for the president and Congress.
New York stands out for the racial and ethnic diversity of its immigrant eligible voters. Asians ( 26 % ), Latinos ( 25 % ) and whites ( 25 % ) make up similar shares of the state ’s immigrant eligible voters, while black immigrants ( 21 % ) are a slightly lower share.
the British public ’s enthusiasm for leaving the EU has been declining since 2013. That year, the British were evenly split on the issue, with 46 % wanting to stay and 46 % to leave. In this year ’s Pew Research survey, 55 % of Brits say they want to remain in the EU, while just 36 % voice the desire to go.
Perceptions of both parties remain little changed from April. Currently, four - in - ten have a favorable view of the Republican Party, while 54 % express an unfavorable one. A comparable share of the public rates the Democratic Party favorably ( 44 % ), while half have an unfavorable opinion.
About nine - in - ten Americans ( 88 % ) cited love as a very important reason to get married, ahead of making a lifelong commitment ( 81 % ) and companionship ( 76 % ), according to a 2013 Pew Research Center survey. Fewer said having their relationship recognized in a religious ceremony ( 30 % ), financial stability ( 28 % ) or legal rights and benefits ( 23 % ) were very important reasons to marry.
Of the 42.7 million adults with Hispanic ancestry living in the U.S. in 2015, an estimated 5 million people, or 11 %, said they do not identify as Hispanic or Latino.
Demographics Seventh - day Adventists make up one - half of 1 % of the U.S. adult population ( 0.5 % ), little changed from 2007 ( 0.4 % ). That stability stands in contrast to U.S. Christians overall, whose share of the population has dropped by nearly 8 percentage points ( from 78.4 % to 70.6 % ) over that same period.
The rising price of gasoline replaced the Iraq war last week as the public ’s most closely followed news story. More than half of the public ( 52 % ) paid very close attention to news about gas prices, and 27 % said this was the single news story they followed more closely than any other. By comparison, 33 % followed the situation in Iraq very closely, and 23 % listed Iraq as their top news story of the week.
a sizable majority ( 87 % ) thinks that the actions of ordinary Americans have a great deal or fair amount of impact on how the coronavirus spreads in the U.S. About three - quarters ( 76 % ) favor providing financial aid for state and local governments ; however, while this proposal draws overwhelming support from Democrats ( 91 % favor ), a much smaller majority of Republicans ( 58 % ) favors it.
The Latin America and Caribbean region is expected to have the oldest population of any world region by 2100. In 1950, the region ’s median age was just 20 years. That figure is projected to more than double to 49 years by 2100.
Seven - in - ten Americans ( 70 % ) believe that genetically engineering mosquitoes to prevent their reproduction and therefore the spread of some mosquito - borne diseases would be an appropriate use of technology, while about three - in - ten ( 29 % ) see the use of genetic engineering for this purpose as taking technology too far. And a 57 % majority considers it appropriate to genetically engineer animals to grow organs or tissues that could be used for humans needing a transplant.
fully 88 % of their U.S.-born adult children report that they speak English very well. Among later generations of Hispanic adults, the figure rises to 94 %. Reading ability in English shows a similar trend. As fluency in English increases across generations, so, too, does the regular use of English by Hispanics, both at home and at work.
Only about one - third of Americans ages 18 to 29 ( 35 % ) are following news about the 2020 presidential candidates very or fairly closely
Nearly a quarter ( 23 % ) of those who say gun rights should be the priority have contributed money to an organization that takes a position on gun policy, compared with just 5 % of those who prioritize gun control.
Majorities of all political groups report a fair amount of confidence in scientists, overall, to act in the public interest.
In fiscal 2015, the most recent full year available, there were 542,315 in the former category and 508,716 in the latter.
Overall, four - in - ten ( 39 % ) respondents say that U.S. Latinos of different origins share “ a lot ” of values, while another 39 % say U.S. Latinos share “ some ” values and an additional 19 % say that they share few or no values.
About six - in - ten ( 61 % ) Republican and GOP - leaning registered voters think their party will do better than in recent elections — roughly double the share of Democrats ( 32 % ) who feel similarly about their party ’s chances.
In the U.S., the multiracial population is more evenly spread among biracial white and black ( 22 % ), white and Asian ( 18 % ) and white and American Indian ( 16 % ).
Roughly half ( 51 % ) of Instagram users access the platform on a daily basis, with 35 % saying they do so several times a day
Far more conservative and moderate Democrats say a friend voting for Trump would not have any effect ( 73 % ) than say it would put a strain on the friendship ( 25 % ).
Obama ’s job approval rating stands at 44 % while Bush ’s was 35 % at the same point in the 2006 midterm year.
Many Russians see inherent conflict in their relationship with the West, but few rule out cooperation. According to a recently released Pew Research Center report based on 2015 survey data, overwhelming majorities in Russia believe that their country serves as an important counterbalance to the West ( 85 % ) and that Russian values clash with Western values ( 73 % ). However, Russians remain open to cooperation with the U.S. and other Western nations. A majority ( 55 % ) agree it is in their nation ’s interest to work closely with the
About a quarter of Latin Americans ( 24 % ) are below the age of 15, and 13 % are 60 or older.
Fully 58 % of the public believes that Japan will become a stronger nation as a result of the twin disasters, while about a third ( 32 % ) think the March calamities will weaken the country.
Nearly nine - in - ten ( 88 % ) Russians have confidence in Putin to handle international affairs, including 66 % who have a lot of confidence.
Roughly five months later, the public is again evenly divided over whether in general it is more important to control gun ownership ( 50 % ) or to protect the rights of Americans to own guns ( 48 % ).
Democrats are divided on the program, while Republicans and independents are more likely to disapprove than approve, according to a survey we conducted in spring 2014.
Six - in - ten voters ( 61 % ) say it is very likely they will watch the debates between Bush and Kerry, which is significantly higher than debate interest in the last two elections.
Currently, 57 % say they favor allowing more offshore oil and gas drilling in U.S. waters while 37 % are opposed.
The current share of foreign - born lawmakers in Congress is far below the foreign - born share of the United States as a whole, which was 13.5 % as of 2016.
Currently, 45 % of independents approve of Obama ’s job performance while 44 % disapprove.
In construction jobs, unauthorized immigrants were 15 % of all workers, more than three times their share among all U.S. workers. By contrast, legal immigrants accounted for 13 % of workers in construction, similar to their share among workers overall. Compared with their share of the overall U.S. workforce, unauthorized immigrants had a larger presence in production ( 8 % ), service ( 8 % ) and transportation and material moving ( 6 % ). Meanwhile, the share of legal immigrants in these occupations was similar to
The accompanying chart shows the percent that support allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally across generations from 2005 to 2015. Over this time period, support for same - sex marriage has grown from 36 % to 55 % among the public overall.
Most ( 79 % ) agree that the term “ patriotic ” describes the typical American very or fairly well, and majorities also view the typical American as “ honest ” ( 69 % ) and “ intelligent ” ( 67 % ).
People who are focused on eating healthy and nutritious foods stand apart from other Americans in how strongly they think eating is tied to a long and healthy life and in eating “ what they should ” most days.
Death penalty supporters overwhelmingly view it as morally justified : 90 % say that when someone commits a crime like murder, the death penalty is morally justified. Just 26 % of death penalty opponents view it as morally justified.
Among adults ages 25 to 64, women are now more likely than men to have a four - year college degree. In 2017, 38 % of these women and 33 % of men had a bachelor ’s degree. Women are also outpacing men in postgraduate education. In 2017, 14 % of women ages 25 to 64 had an advanced degree, compared with 12 % of men.
As has been the case throughout Obama ’s presidency, blacks are overwhelmingly positive of his job performance : Currently, 91 % approve of his handling of his job as president. Similarly, the president garners positive ratings among Hispanics. Today, 65 % of Hispanics approve of his job performance. However, whites continue to be more likely to disapprove ( 56 % ) than approve ( 38 % ) of the president ’s performance, as they have been throughout most his presidency.
While 48 % of 18- to 29 - year - olds say they have ever used a dating site or app, that share is 38 % among 30- to 49 - year - olds, and it is even smaller among those ages 50 and older.
Two in five ( 41 % ) of broadband users get news on the Internet on a typical day compared with 35 % of experienced dial - up users who want broadband.
Fully 82 % of Democrats say the federal government does not provide enough help for poor people, compared with just 36 % of Republicans.
About seven - in - ten League supporters also say immigrants increase the risk of terrorist attacks in Italy, including 59 % who say they strongly believe immigrants increase the risk of such attacks.
Just 22 % of Canadians and 5 % of Mexicans have at least some confidence in the U.S. president, down from more than eight - in - ten Canadians ( 83 % ) in 2016 and half of Mexicans ( 49 % ) in 2015.
On 13 demographic, lifestyle, and health questions that were compared with benchmarks from high response rate federal surveys, estimates from phone polls are just as accurate, on average, in 2016 as they were in 2012. The average ( absolute ) difference between the Center telephone estimates and the benchmark survey estimates was 2.7 percentage points in 2016, compared with 2.8 points in 2012.
Americans have a favorable opinion of NASA. In a January 2015 survey, 68 % of Americans expressed a favorable view of NASA, similar to that of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention among the eight federal agencies we asked about. ( Seven - in - ten had a favorable view of the CDC. ) This was in line with similar favorable ratings for NASA in the past.
a 53 % - majority say it is very important for the U.S. to get tougher with China on trade and economic issues.
In September 2015, 54 % of Republicans said colleges and universities had a positive impact on the way things were going in the country ; 37 % rated their impact negatively. By 2016, Republicans ’ ratings of colleges and universities were mixed ( 43 % positive, 45 % negative ). Today, for the first time on a question asked since 2010, a majority ( 58 % ) of Republicans say colleges and universities are having a negative effect on the way things are going in the country, while 36 % say they have a
about four - in - ten Salvadorans ( 42 % ) identify themselves as Catholic. Some 37 % of Salvadorans are Protestant. Some 15 % of Salvadoran adults are religiously unaffiliated.
38 % of registered voters said they think of themselves as Democrats, 25 % as Republicans, and 33 % as independents.
More than half of married couples in the United States say sharing household chores is “ very important ” to a successful marriage.
This view has become increasingly common among Indians over the last eight years – in 2002, only 51 % said the U.S. considered their interests.
There is strong resistance to any cuts in entitlement programs in order to reduce the deficit, with 58 % of Americans saying that to maintaining benefits as they are trumps deficit reduction, ( 35 % favor taking steps to reduce the deficit ).
while only 16 % of U.S. adults say they ’ve ever given money to an organization that takes a position on gun policy, gun owners are again more likely than non - gun owners to say they have done so. Among gun owners, 28 % say they have ever given money to an organization like this, including 12 % of who have done so in the past year. The same is true for just 10 % of non - owners, including 6 % who have done so in the past year.
In 2014, 54 % of American Catholics gave Francis “ excellent ” or “ good ” marks for his handling of the church ’s sex abuse scandal.
Two - thirds of Americans ( 66 % ) say they followed the health care debate more closely than any other major news story last week. Another 5 % say they followed news about vandalism and threats directed at Democrats who voted for the legislation most closely.
With respect to the ongoing conflict in Syria, publics are divided on how long they expect it to continue ; a median of 26 % expect the war in Syria to end in the next year, 32 % expect it to end in the next five years and 29 % think it will continue for more than five years. Overall, just 32 % in Jordan are optimistic about the war ending in the next year, but 64 % of Syrians living in Jordan expect the conflict will end in 2018.
Among the top five nations with which the U.S. runs a trade deficit, Germany has a $ 912 per capita trade advantage with the U.S. ( total deficit divided by Germany ’s total population ), compared with China ’s $ 266 per capita imbalance.
The monthly user base grew just 4.1 % in the U.S. and Canada last year. In Europe, it grew by 8 % ; in Asia, 23.5 % ( including Australia and New Zealand ) ; and in the rest of the world, it grew by 23.7 %.
drop - off voters were less likely than consistent voters to say that it made a lot of difference to them which party controlled the government ; just 39 % of drop - off voters said it mattered a lot whether Democrats or Republicans controlled the government, compared with 52 % of consistent voters.
In Sweden, just 8 % of those surveyed scored higher than 5, the lowest amount in any country, while in Italy, 38 % did, the highest share in any country. In most countries, the share scoring 5.01 or higher was between 15 % and 25 %. For example, in both Norway and France, 19 % of respondents scored 5.01 or higher.
Those who tweet about politics are more likely than other users to report engaging in a variety of political activities, such as attending rallies and contacting elected officials.
About half ( 51 % ) say economic conditions a year from now will be the same as they are today, which is little changed from December. Three - in - ten ( 30 % ) say conditions will be better, up from 21 % in December.
People in the Philippines still support the U.S. military presence in the region and say that the U.S. would defend them should they get into a conflict with China. Three - quarters say having U.S. military personnel based in the Philippines is a good thing for the country and 68 % assume the U.S. would use military force to defend their country from China.
Overall, 41 % say they have quite a lot of confidence in the future of the U.S., while another 30 % say they have some confidence. About three - in - ten ( 28 % ) say they have very little or no confidence at all in the future of the U.S. The share with at least some confidence in the future of the country is down 13 percentage points from 2015 ( from 84 % to 71 % ). Over the same period of time, the share saying they have very little or no confidence in the
Currently, 65 % say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy, while 30 % say they are hearing mostly bad news and just 4 % say they are hearing mostly good news.
Over the past two decades, the share of students graduating from public high schools who are white and non - Hispanic has declined dramatically – from 73 % in 1995 to 57 % in 2012.
Views among Democrats have moved in the opposite direction. Nearly half ( 49 % ) think the U.S. plays a less important leadership role today than it did 10 years ago, up from 29 % who said this in 2016. Three - in - ten Democrats say the U.S. global leadership role is about as important as it was 10 years ago and 19 % think it is more important
The proportion of all legal foreign - born residents who have become naturalized U.S. citizens rose to 52 % in 2005, the highest level in a quarter of a century and a 15 percentage point increase since 1990, according to an analysis by the Pew Hispanic Center.
Just 13 % say they very closely followed news last week about the publication of George W. Bush ’s book about his life ; 5 % say this was the news they followed most closely.
In the Senate, the overall pattern of ideology predicting Facebook followers is largely driven by a small number of prominent members in both parties, including Democrat Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Texas Republican Ted Cruz, Massachusetts Democrat Elizabeth Warren, Kentucky Republican Rand Paul, Utah Republican Mike Lee and Minnesota Democrat Al Franken.
most U.S. Catholics say it is at least “ acceptable ” – and many say it is just “ as good as ” any other arrangement – for children to be raised by unmarried parents, gay or lesbian parents, single parents or divorced parents.
By a wide margin ( 58 % to 36 % ), Americans approve of the U.S. missile strikes against Syria in response to reports of the use of chemical weapons by Bashar al - Assad ’s government. By a comparable margin ( 61 % to 32 % ), the public says that Donald Trump does not have a clear plan for dealing with the situation in Syria.
More than seven - in - ten Chinese citizens ( 72 % ) express satisfaction with their national condition, while fewer than one - in - five ( 19 % ) are dissatisfied. These figures represent a sharp improvement from 2002, when only 48 % said they were satisfied with their country while 33 % were not.
Just 5 % of web - using U.S. adults have a lot of trust in the information they get from social media.
Opinions among Republicans and Republican leaners are more divided : 53 % say hard work has more to do with why a person is rich, while 45 % say it is because they have more advantages.
In Turkey, an identical 53 % see Americans as rude. This view is shared by larger majorities in Indonesia ( 56 % ) and Jordan ( 64 % ).
Roughly half ( 51 % ) of Republican and Republican - leaning registered voters say the candidates are excellent or good, while 44 % say they are only fair or poor.
Four - in - five say they are satisfied with the way things are going in their lives, and 84 % categorize Americans in general as “ friendly ” ( 55 % ) or “ neutral ” ( 30 % ) toward U.S. Muslims. About nine - in - ten ( 92 % ) say they are proud to be American.
the turnout rate among 18 - to 24 - year olds fell to 41.2 % in 2012 from 48.5 % in 2008.
The number of federal criminal arrests for immigration offenses surged from 58,031 in fiscal 2017 to 108,667 in fiscal 2018 – an 87 % increase.
in Turkey they remain dismal — only 14 % of Turks expressed a positive view of the U.S. in the spring 2009 Pew Global Attitudes survey, the lowest rating among the 25 nations included in the poll.
New Zealand has some of the lowest levels of government restrictions on religion in the world, with a score in 2016 of just 0.48 out of 10 on Pew Research Center ’s Government Restrictions Index ( GRI ).
A plurality also says that scientists are neutral toward religion ( 42 % ), while 35 % say scientists are unfriendly and just 12 % view scientists as friendly toward religion.
Today, 38 % of those who support the GOP candidate in their district say their own representative does not deserve reelection ; nearly as many Democrats ( 34 % ) share that view.
Long known as the media capital of the world, New York, at 12 %, has the greatest share of all newsroom employees. This is more than twice the share living in the Los Angeles and Washington metro areas, each of which is home to 5 % of the nation ’s newsroom employees.
Boys are more likely than girls to report that they visit Facebook most often ( 45 % of boys vs. 36 % of girls ). Girls are more likely than boys to say they use Instagram ( 23 % of girls vs. 17 % of boys ) and Tumblr ( 6 % of girls compared with less than 1 % of boys ).
The survey finds 54 % of Americans believe government regulations are needed to effectively increase reliance on renewable energy sources, while 38 % believe the private marketplace will ensure greater reliance on renewable energy sources, even without government regulations.
Among Republicans and those who lean toward the GOP, 41 % say there is too much inequality in the U.S., compared with 78 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners, a Pew Research Center survey conducted in September 2019 found.
Just a third approve of the job performance of Democratic congressional leaders, while 59 % disapprove. Job ratings for GOP leaders are similar ( 31 % approve, 63 % disapprove ).
Overall, around three - quarters of Americans ( 77 % ) have little or no confidence in President Xi to do the right thing in world affairs, including 55 % who have no confidence at all in the Chinese leader.
India is already home to most of the world ’s Hindus. In 2010, 94 % of the world ’s Hindus lived in India, and this is expected to remain true in 2050, when 1.3 billion Hindus are projected to live in the country.
In other news last week, 28 % of the public followed the situation in Iraq very closely, unchanged from the previous week. Only 12 % listed the Iraq war as their most closely followed story of the week as most attention was focused on the California wildfires.
From a post - inauguration high of 64 %, Obama ’s approval rating fell to roughly 50 % by the end of the year as unemployment rose to 10.0 %.
Women are personally more optimistic about the year ahead than are men. More than half of women ( 55 % ) say that 2008 will be a better year than 2007, while just 28 % expect the coming year to be worse. Fewer than half of men ( 46 % ) are personally upbeat about 2008, while 40 % expect it to be a worse year than 2007.
This means that any differences between cellphone sample estimates and total sample estimates should naturally narrow over time, as the former constitutes an increasingly large share of the latter.
As for types of games that Americans like to play, strategy and puzzle games are the most popular among those included in the survey. About six - in - ten adults who say they play video games often or sometimes report that they typically play these types of games ( 62 % each ). Adventure, shooter, role - playing, team sport or racing and simulation games are all somewhat less commonly played, with about half of video game players or fewer saying they typically play these types of games.
Ratings of the EU are highest in Poland and Spain, where roughly seven - in - ten have favorable views. About six - in - ten see the EU positively in Germany, the Netherlands, Sweden, France, Italy and Hungary. The UK and Greece, however, do not hold such favorable attitudes. In the UK, opinion is roughly split ; 48 % have a favorable opinion of the EU while 45 % have an unfavorable one. And in Greece, only 37 % have a positive opinion
About a quarter of social media users – 26 % – say they follow science pages or accounts
Views among Hispanics born in the U.S. mirror those of all Americans—about six - in - ten believe that kids are better off if a parent stays home to focus on the family, according to a 2014 Pew Research Center survey. But a far larger majority—85 % – of foreign - born Hispanics say that children are better off if a parent is at home.
About three - quarters of Democrats ( 76 % ) say the freedom of the press to criticize politicians is very important to maintaining a strong democracy ; only about half of Republicans ( 49 % ) say the same.
just 27 % of drop - off voters said they were following the 2016 election very closely, compared with 49 % of consistent voters.
Overall, 15 % of blacks and 18 % of Latinos have used ride - hailing, similar to the 14 % of whites who have done so.
Two - thirds of Muslims ( 66 % ) now identify with or lean toward the Democrats, similar to the share who said this in both 2011 ( 70 % ) and 2007 ( 63 % ).
Views also vary across party lines, with Republicans and Republican - leaning independents – especially those who describe their political views as conservative – more likely than Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents to say men should n’t be able to take time off after the birth or adoption of a child. About a quarter of conservative Republicans ( 26 % ) say this, compared with 13 % of moderate or liberal Republicans, 11 % of moderate or conservative Democrats and 9 % of liberal Democrats. Older Republicans offer considerably different views than
The Arab - American population is small but growing, and its exact size is disputed. The Census Bureau estimates there are 1.8 million Arab - Americans in the U.S., up 51 % since 2000.
An overwhelming 79 % say crime is a very big problem in their country, roughly the same as last year ( 81 % ). About seven - in - ten Mexicans also worry about corrupt political leaders ( 72 % ), drug cartel - related violence ( 72 % ), water pollution ( 70 % ) and air pollution ( 69 % ). Just over six - in - ten say corrupt police officers ( 63 % ) are a top problem. About six - in
High school dropout rates reached an all - time low in 2014 for black students, and the high school completion gap between blacks and whites continues to narrow. In 2015, 93 % of whites ages 25 and older had a high school diploma, compared with 88 % of blacks the same age – only a 6-percentage - point difference, roughly half of what it was in 2000.
Some 55 % of working Ph.D. scientists belonging to the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) who we surveyed in 2014 said this was generally a good time for their scientific specialty, while 44 % said it was a bad time. And while nearly half ( 47 % ) said it was a good or very good time to begin a career in their field, 53 % said it was a bad time to start out in their field.
in Sweden ( 72 % ), Canada ( 71 % ), Spain ( 66 % ), and the United States ( 65 % ), more than six - in - ten respondents place themselves on the top rungs of the ladder.
Among Democrats, higher education is associated with the belief that global warming is mostly caused by human activity. Fully 75 % of Democrats with college degrees say that the earth is warming and that this is caused by human activity. Just 52 % of Democrats with less education express this view. Among Republicans, similar percentages of college graduates and those with less education say there is solid evidence of global warming ( 46 % and 51 %, respectively ). Yet for Republicans, unlike Democrats, higher education is associated with greater skepticism that human activity is causing
Women are more likely than men to report increased importance and greater time spent on the site. Some 16 % of female users ( and 7 % of men ) say that Facebook has become more important to them over the last year, and 16 % of female users ( and 9 % of men ) say that they spend more time on the site now than they did a year ago.
nearly nine - in - ten American adults say they believe in God or a universal spirit. To be sure, the share of people in the United States who say they believe in the Almighty has dropped a bit recently, from 92 % in 2007 ( when the Center ’s first Religious Landscape Study was released ) to 89 % in 2014.
Under projections published in 2007, the state ’s Hispanic population was expected to reach 31 million in 2050, or 52.1 % of all Californians. But according to updated projections released late last year, Hispanics are now expected to number 23.7 million in 2050, or 46.6 % of all Californians.
people in countries with higher HDI scores are less likely to say their day has been particularly good. In 2014, we similarly found that a country ’s GDP per capita was negatively correlated with the percentage of people who said their day was good.
A majority of U.S. teens ages 13 to 17 ( 57 % ) fear a shooting could happen at their school
Lawful immigrants account for three - quarters of the foreign - born population in the U.S. – 33.8 million people out of 44.7 million in 2015, the most recent year for which numbers were available. Among lawful immigrants, those who hold U.S. citizenship ( 19.8 million in 2015 ) outnumber lawful permanent residents ( 11.9 million ). The rest of the foreign - born population consists of 11 million unauthorized immigrants and 2.1 million people in the U.S. on temporary visas.
Women are more likely than men to say they regularly use these devices ( 25 % vs. 18 % ). Hispanic adults are more likely than whites to report regularly wearing a fitness tracker ( 26 % vs. 20 % ), while black adults fall in between at 23 %.
Six - in - ten adults say the public K-12 education system has a lot of responsibility in making sure the U.S. workforce has the right skills and education to be successful in today ’s economy
67 % of Americans say that the government should focus more on providing treatment for those who use illegal drugs. Just 26 % think the government ’s focus should be on prosecuting users of such hard drugs.
Europe and Latin America give the pope particularly high ratings – majorities in almost every country in these two regions view the pope favorably. In his home country of Argentina, 91 % have a favorable opinion of Francis, including 65 % with a very favorable view. Majorities in every other Latin American country also see the pope in a positive light, including seven - in - ten or more in Colombia ( 83 % ), Mexico ( 74 % ) Brazil ( 74 % ) and Peru ( 72
While sub - Saharan Africa had fewer religious restrictions in 2015 than many other parts of the world, it experienced a larger increase that year than any other region. Government harassment of religious groups was reported in a total of 37 countries in sub - Saharan Africa ( 77 % ) in 2015, increasing from 25 countries ( 52 % ) the year before, and was at the highest level recorded for the region since 2007 – the first year for which data are available.
As the COVID-19 outbreak developed across the country, concerns about the threat posed by the spread of infectious diseases grew rapidly as well. Among respondents who took the survey from March 3 - 12, before the declaration of a national emergency and the suspension of most professional and collegiate sports seasons, 73 % said the spread of infectious diseases was a major threat.
very few view Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu favorably, while a median of 12 % have a positive view of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad or Iranian President Hassan Rouhani.
Most people in the surveyed countries approved of how the EU was handling COVID-19. As of August, half or more in every country surveyed said the EU had done a good job handling the outbreak, including around two - thirds or more in Germany ( 68 % ), Denmark ( 68 % ), the Netherlands ( 66 % ) and Spain ( 65 % ). Spaniards, in fact, were more approving of the EU ’s response than of their own country ’s (
For the first time in Pew Research Center surveys, Democrats are about as likely to say they sympathize more with the Palestinians ( 31 % ) than with Israel ( 33 % ) ; 11 % say they sympathize with neither, while 8 % sympathize with both and 17 % do not offer an opinion.
By 50 % to 41 %, the British now want to remain in the EU.
among Latinos younger than 18, 93 % were born in the U.S.
one - in - ten listed the conflict between Israel and Hamas as the story they followed more closely than any other.
Palestinians remain negative, with just 15 % expressing confidence in Obama to do the right thing in world affairs, and 82 % saying they have little or no confidence in the American president.
About two - in - ten ( 21 % ) say they followed news about the deadly explosion on an off - shore oil rig near the coast of Louisiana very closely ; 12 % say this was the story they followed most closely.
Roughly a third of Americans ( 34 % ) now say substantially expanding the U.S.-Mexico border wall would result in a major reduction in illegal immigration into the U.S., up from 29 % two years ago. Two - in - ten say expansion would lead to a minor reduction in illegal immigration, while a plurality ( 44 % ) continues to say expanding the wall would have little impact. Nearly seven - in - ten Republicans ( 69 % ) now say expanding the wall would lead
While 53 % of 18- to 29 - year - olds say they have ordered from a local restaurant this way, the share is 38 % among those ages 30 to 49 and 20 % among those 50 and older.
About a third ( 34 % ) say they followed news about the immigration debate very closely ; 11 % say this was the news they followed most closely.
In asking Republicans whether they agree or disagree with the Tea Party, Pew Research surveys found that agreement has fallen from 48 % in March 2010 to 33 % in our most recent poll conducted in late April this year.
Currently, 26 % of the public says that Russia is an adversary, while 49 % think it is a serious problem but not an adversary, and just 15 % say it is not much of a problem.
Fully 63 % of Americans approve of the Obama administration ’s decision last month to re - establish diplomatic ties with Cuba after more than 50 years.
New England states continue to have the highest share of residents claiming Irish ancestry : Massachusetts ( 21.6 % ), New Hampshire ( 21.0 % ), Rhode Island ( 18.3 % ), Vermont ( 17.9 % ) and Maine ( 17.6 % ).
A study of more than 34,000 news stories that appeared in major media outlets finds that most of what the public learns about Hispanics comes not through focused coverage of the life and times of this population group but through event - driven news stories in which Hispanics are one of many elements. From February 9 to August 9, 2009, only a fraction of stories contained substantial references to Hispanics – just 645 out of 34,452 studied. And only a tiny number, 57 stories, focused directly on the lives of Hispanics in
The public thinks that the economic recovery has yet to take hold : 28 % say the economy is recovering, 26 % say it has not yet recovered but will soon and 44 % say it will be a long time before the economy recovers.
Most U.S. adults on Twitter post only rarely. But a small share of highly active users, most of whom are Democrats, produce the vast majority of tweets. The Center ’s analysis finds that just 10 % of users produced 92 % of all tweets from U.S. adults since last November, and that 69 % of these highly prolific users identify as Democrats or Democratic - leaning independents.
In 2007, a median of 64 % said crime was a very big problem across those 20 countries, but in 2014, 74 % do. An almost identical change has occurred for the problem of corruption. And in 2007, a median of only 38 % across these countries named poor quality schools as a big concern. Now, about half say this.
by a 52%-39 % margin, Democrats also favor using force to defend an Asian ally.
Solid majorities of the general publics in Germany and Spain say that there is a natural conflict between being a devout Muslim and living in a modern society. But most Muslims in both of those countries disagree. And in France, the scene of recent riots in heavily Muslim areas, large percentages of both the general public and the Muslim minority population feel there is no conflict in being a devout Muslim and living in a modern society.
Bush ’s overall job approval mark of 32 % is unchanged from November, though it remains the lowest of his presidency.
About eight - in - ten ( 78 % ) Republicans say too many people are easily offended, while just 21 % say people should be more careful to avoid offending others. Among Democrats, 61 % think people should be more careful not to offend others, compared with 37 % who say people these days are too easily offended.
Nonwhites, poorer and less - educated individuals, and younger adults have lower levels of personal trust than other Americans.
Almost four - in - ten ( 38 % ) think India is already one of the world ’s leading powers and roughly half ( 49 % ) say it will be one eventually. Only 8 % believe it will never be a major power.
The rising price of gas, which emerged as a prominent issue in the campaign, was the top news story. More than six - in - ten ( 63 % ) say they followed news about gas prices very closely and 30 % cited it as the story they followed most closely last week. The economy was the second most covered story, accounting for 10 % of news coverage.
Ratings for the German economy are significantly better today than they were in the midst of the global financial crisis in 2009 ( 28 % good ). British and Polish views are much more positive than three years ago, and even though only a third of Italians rate their economy positively, this is much higher than the 3 % who agreed in 2013.
in the other 37 states and the District of Columbia, just 36 % agree, while 58 % say abortion should be legal in all or most cases.
The Obama administration deported a record 438,421 unauthorized immigrants in fiscal year 2013, continuing a streak of stepped up enforcement that has resulted in more than 2 million deportations since Obama took office.
children of FSU immigrants are more likely than their parents to believe in God ( 70 % vs. 55 % ). Only 60 % of second - generation FSU Jews say they are Hiloni ( secular ), compared with 81 % of FSU immigrants who say so. And while 4 % of first - generation immigrants say they are Haredi ( ultra - Orthodox ), among the second generation, this proportion has climbed to 14 %.
About eight - in - ten blacks with at least some college experience ( 81 % ) say they ’ve faced discrimination or been treated unfairly because of their race or ethnicity, compared with 59 % of blacks who have never attended college.
Three - quarters of liberal Democrats and Democratic leaners say the pre - emptive use of military force can rarely or never be justified. By contrast, conservative and moderate Democrats and Democratic leaners are more evenly divided : 52 % say it can rarely or never be justified, while 46 % say it can sometimes or often be justified.
Russians are increasingly likely to say their country plays a more important role in the world today than it did 10 years ago. Overall, 72 % of Russians say this now compared to 59 % who did in 2017. Only 10 % believe Russia is less important.
The risk of divorce for adults ages 50 and older is also higher among those who have been married for a shorter time. For example, among adults 50 and older who had been married for less than 10 years, the divorce rate was 21 people per 1,000 married persons in 2015. By contrast, the divorce rate is 13 people per 1,000 married persons for adults ages 50 and older who had been married for 20 to 29 years.
About three - in - ten ( 31 % ) say they followed news about widespread local and state budget problems very closely ; 7 % say these were the stories they followed most closely.
By fall 1980, 17 % of black students enrolled in degree - granting institutions were enrolled at an HBCU. By 2000, that share had declined to 13 %, and it stood at 9 % in 2015.
comScore found that usage of each of the four applications sampled – KaZaa, WinMX, BearShare and Grokster – dropped in November versus one year ago.
It ’s worth noting, though, that almost four - in - ten Americans ( 38 % ) said they could n’t name any gay or lesbian entertainers or public figures, including 61 % of people age 65 and older.
Public assessments of the Supreme Court have reached a quarter - century low. Unlike evaluations over much of the past decade, there is very little partisan divide. The court receives relatively low favorable ratings from Republicans, Democrats and independents alike. 52 % offering a favorable opinion of the Supreme Court, down from 58 % in 2010 and the previous low of 57 %, in 2005 and 2007. About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say they have an unfavorable view, which approaches the high
Democratic voters, in particular, place value on candidates who will make compromises : 63 % say this, compared with 31 % who prioritize sticking to core values. Republican voters, by contrast, are more likely to value candidates who stick to their core values ( 57 % vs. 35 % ).
Obviously, the longer couples remain married, the longer they are at risk of having their marriage end. In any given year, short - duration marriages are most likely to be intact. As one illustration, among men who got married for the first time between 1970 ( the year the Gores wed ) and 1974, 89 % were still married to the same wife on their fifth anniversary, 74 % on their 10th anniversary and 65 % on their 15th anniversary. By their 20th anniversary, 58 % were married ;
Of the 72 people since then who have been nominated for vice president on a major - party ( or significant third - party ) ticket, most have had a fair degree of political experience on the national, or at least state, level. A third ( 24 ) were U.S. senators at the time of their nomination ; two more were former senators. Thirteen were current or former governors ; 11 were current or former U.S. representatives, including two incumbent House speakers. Two nominees, in fact, had already
Today, two - thirds say having a strong economic relationship with China is more important for ties between the two nations, while 28 % say being tough with China on territorial disputes is more vital.
Asked whether they approve or disapprove of the court ’s ruling that no state or local government may require the reading of the Lord ’s Prayer or Bible verses in public schools, roughly 39 % say they approve and about 57 % say they disapprove.
Some 55 % of Americans said in 2016 that they trust medical scientists a lot to give full and accurate information about the health risks and benefits of the childhood MMR vaccine. Another 35 % said they have some trust in medical scientists, while just 9 % said they trust them not too much or not at all.
In the current survey, 81 % favor making private gun sales and sales at gun shows subject to background checks. This is not significantly different from February ( 83 % ) and down only slightly from January ( 85 % ).
There is a substantial partisan gap in views of how Obama will go down in history. Fully 71 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say he will be remembered as an outstanding ( 30 % ) or above average ( 40 % ) president, while just 4 % predict history will consider him below average or poor ( 24 % expect him to be viewed as average ).
In a society with a rapidly growing middle class, slightly more than half ( 53 % ) think that consumerism and commercialism are a threat to their culture, up from 43 % in 2012. Just 34 % say consumerism and commercialism do not pose a threat.
Hispanic teens are about evenly split on the question of whether it is necessary to believe in God in order to be moral and have good values : 50 % say it is not necessary, while 48 % say it is. By comparison, 71 % of White teens say that a belief in God is unnecessary to be moral and 28 % say it is necessary.
75 % of Americans agreed with the statement “ occasional acts of terrorism in the U.S. will be part of life in the future. ” While majorities consistently have held that view over the past decade, the post - Boston number was a significant increase from 64 % who held this view in 2012, and matched the previous high of 74 % in 2003.
For more than a third ( 35 % ) of the public, the stimulus was the story they followed more closely than any other news last week.
about 4 % of new foreign - born mothers from India – one of the top 10 countries of origin among new foreign - born moms – are living in poverty, compared with 49 % of new mothers from Honduras.
Roughly half of rural residents ( 47 % ) say they have face - to - face conversations with their neighbors at least once a week, with similar shares of suburban ( 49 % ) and urban residents ( 53 % ) saying the same.
In the first months of the Trump administration, the top countries of origin for refugees have been the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( 3,235 ), followed by Burma ( Myanmar ) ( 2,470 ), Iraq ( 1,923 ), Somalia ( 1,879), Syria ( 1,779 ) and Ukraine ( 1,603 ). These six countries have made up two - thirds ( 67 % ) of all refugees entering the U.S. since Jan. 21
Americans by a wide margin say they are hearing mostly negative news about the nation ’s job situation, though they are more likely to sense a mix of good and bad news about other elements of the economy. With the jobless rate climbing, seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) say they are hearing mostly bad news about the employment picture. About a quarter ( 27 % ) say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news, while just 1 percent say they are hearing mostly good news.
nearly four - in - ten Republicans ( 37 % ) say the U.S. does too much to solve world problems, down from 45 % in 2o16. The share of Republicans who say the U.S. does too little in this regard has fallen 17 percentage points ( from 33 % to 16 % ).
According to the national exit poll, Hispanic women supported Obama more than Hispanic males—76% versus 65 %.
The U.S. electorate is aging : 52 % of registered voters are ages 50 and older, up from 41 % in 1996.
Fewer than 10 % in both Israel and Jordan hold a positive view of the Iranian president. Public views of Rouhani have become more negative in Jordan – 13 % held a positive view of the leader in 2015 – but views in Israel have remained very low. Israeli Jews ( 0 % favorable ) and Israeli Arabs ( 22 % ) share low opinions of Rouhani.
About three - in - four Jordanians ( 76 % ), two - in - three Egyptians ( 66 % ) and 54 % of Turks oppose Tehran acquiring nuclear weaponry, while Tunisians are divided ( 42 % favor, 43 % oppose ).
Just 15 % of all U.S. adults say they have ever contacted a public official to express their opinion on gun policy. About one - in - five gun owners ( 21 % ) have done this, including 9 % who say they ’ve done so in the past year. That compares with 12 % of non - gun owners who have ever reached out to officials about gun policy, including 5 % who have done so in the past year.
Overall, 56 % favor a troop withdrawal as soon as possible – the most ever in a Pew Research Center survey – while 39 % say the U.S. should keep troops in Iraq until the situation has stabilized.
YouTube is the only other online platform measured that matches Facebook ’s reach : 73 % of adults report using the video sharing site.
In 2017, 13 % of those ages 18 to 24 had either lost a job or had pay or hours reduced because their employers replaced their positions with a machine, robot or computer program
In the decade from 2000 to 2010, the Mexican - American population grew by 7.2 million as a result of births and 4.2 million as a result of new immigrant arrivals.
At nearly half a million, Kenya hosts the largest number of Somali migrants ( both refugees and nonrefugees ) of any other country, according to UN estimates. Not far behind is Ethiopia with 440,000 Somali migrants. Combining Kenya, Ethiopia, Djibouti and Yemen ( across the Gulf of Aden ), nearly two - thirds of the world ’s Somali migrants lived in neighboring countries in 2015.
Fully 81 % of U.S. adults expect artificially made organs to be routinely available for transplant by the year 2066. Roughly two - thirds ( 66 % ) of Americans say scientists will probably or definitely cure most forms of cancer within 50 years.
In the United States, the vast majority of Muslims celebrate Ramadan, with eight - in - ten saying they fast during the holiday. In fact, more Muslim adults say they fast during Ramadan than say they pray five times a day ( 42 % ) or attend mosque weekly ( 43 % ), according to a 2017 Pew Research Center survey of U.S. Muslims. And far more women fast during Ramadan ( 82 % ) than wear the head cover, or hijab, at least most of the
57 % say it is unacceptable for the government to monitor the communications of U.S. citizens.
The middle class is a significant presence in the Western European countries analyzed, even as it is shrinking in many countries. Middle - class shares ranged from 64 % in Spain to 80 % in Denmark and Norway in 2010. The share of adults who were lower income was lowest in the Netherlands ( 13 % ) and highest in Spain ( 24 % ), and upper - income shares ranged from 6 % in Norway to 14 % in the UK.
Dramatic events in London and Scotland last week attracted a large news audience. Roughly a third of the public paid very close attention to news that British police had found and defused two car bombs in London, and another 31 % followed the story fairly closely. Fully 21 % said this was the single news story they followed more closely than any other — making it the most closely followed news story of the week.1 Interest in the attempted bombings did not reach the level of last summer ’s major terrorism scare. In August 2006, 54
Fully 59 % of Democratic voters say there is a good chance they would vote for Clinton, while an additional 28 % say there is some chance ( just 10 % say there is no chance ). Though Joe Biden is similarly well - known, just 22 % say there is a good chance they would vote for him, while 47 % say there is some chance of this ( 23 % say there is no chance ).
In fiscal 2002, more than half ( 54 % or nearly 15,000 ) of refugees admitted into the U.S. were citizens of European countries. That share, however, dropped to 9 % of refugee arrivals, or about 5,000 refugees, in fiscal 2017.
The new data show that 4.32 million adults ( ages 18 or older ) were newlywed in 2012, a 3 % percent increase over the 4.21 million adults newly married in 2011.
Around six - in - ten multiracial Americans ( 59 % ) said their multiracial background has made them more open to cultures other than their own, and 55 % felt that they were more understanding of people of different racial backgrounds.
A number of new commercial online services have emerged in recent years, each promising to reshape some aspect of the way Americans go about their lives. Some of these services offer on - demand access to goods or services with the click of a mouse or swipe of a smartphone app. Others promote the commercialized sharing of products or expertise, while still others seek to connect communities of interest and solve problems using open, collaborative platforms.
About seven - in - ten Republicans ( 71 % ) approve of the tax law, including 43 % who strongly approve.
Americans focused most closely last week on news about the nation ’s troubled economy amid concerns about the stalled recovery and fears of a possible new recession. About four - in - ten ( 42 % ) say they followed reports about the condition of the U.S. economy more closely than any other news. That is three times the number saying their top story was news about the candidates for the 2012 presidential election ( 14 % ), according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey, conducted Aug. 18 - 21 among 1,007 adults by the Pew
Most black and Asian adults ( 63 % and 66 %, respectively ) say race or race relations come up in their conversations with family and friends at least sometimes
About three - quarters ( 74 % ) of women who are Democrats or Democratic - leaning independents say the country has n’t gone far enough on gender equality, compared with just a third ( 33 % ) of women who are Republican or Republican leaners.
Currently, 43 % say the Democrats can better deal with taxes, while 36 % prefer the Republican Party.
Obama is rated favorably by 76 % of Latino registered voters, making him much more popular among that voting group than McCain ( 44 % favorable ) and President Bush ( 27 % favorable ). Hillary Clinton ’s ratings among Latino registered voters are 73 % favorable and 24 % unfavorable ; Obama ’s are 76 % favorable and 17 % unfavorable.
Many Muslims, especially in Britain, worry about the future of Muslims in their country.
The survey finds that a majority of Americans ( 60 % ) say the primary reason that the number of confirmed coronavirus cases is increasing is because there are more new infections, not just more testing for the disease. About four - in - ten ( 39 % ) say cases are rising primarily because more people are being tested than in previous months.
The amount of American debt held by China, for instance, is the top concern among the eight sources of tension between the two countries included in the survey. Large majorities of Americans consider all eight of these issues at least a somewhat serious problem for the U.S., and more than half say the amount of U.S. debt held by China, cyberattacks, China ’s environmental impact and job losses are very serious problems.
A majority ( 55 % ) of the nation ’s estimated 35.4 million Latino adults – or about 19.6 million Latinos – identify as Catholic, but that ’s down from two - thirds ( 67 % ) as recently as 2010. Today, nearly one - in - four Latino adults ( 24 % ) are now former Catholics.
pluralities or majorities in Australia, the Philippines and Indonesia say their country ’s current economic ties with the U.S. and China are good. While opinions in Japan, India and South Korea are more divided, a quarter or more in each country say ties with both Beijing and Washington are good.
Property crime in the U.S. is much more common than violent crime. In 2019, the FBI reported a total of 2,109.9 property crimes per 100,000 people, compared with 379.4 violent crimes per 100,000 people.
Asians make up 43 % of immigrant eligible voters in California, the highest of any racial or ethnic group. Nationally, Latinos make up a higher share of immigrant eligible voters than Asians ( 34 % vs. 31 % ), but the reverse is true in the Golden State, where many Latino immigrants are ineligible to vote because they do not hold U.S. citizenship.
In India, only 22 % have internet access and only 17 % have a smartphone.
A median of 57 % across the 11 Muslim publics surveyed hold an unfavorable view of the group. This includes strong majorities of Muslims in Lebanon ( 96 % ), Jordan ( 81 % ), Turkey ( 73 % ), and Egypt ( 69 % ).
The age - adjusted rate of drug overdose deaths in suburban counties was 21.1 per 100,000 people in 2016, compared with 18.7 per 100,000 in rural counties and 18.5 per 100,000 in urban counties.
By 61 % to 29 %, more expect Republicans and Democrats to bicker and oppose each other more than usual in the coming year than to work together more.
In the U.S., both Republicans and Democrats name the UK as their most trusted partner, although Democrats are more likely to say this. Republicans are also more likely to name Israel as the preeminent partner than are Democrats.
In 2016, a majority of Millennials ( 55 % ) identified as Democrats or leaned Democratic ; 27 % described themselves as liberal Democrats – the highest share of any generation.
only 19 % in Turkey like the U.S., while nearly three - quarters ( 73 % ) share a dislike of their NATO ally.
In this year ’s Pew survey, majorities in seven of eight nations believe the U.S. may someday threaten their country — including 71 % in Turkey and 58 % in Lebanon.
Obama ’s job approval measure has fallen eight points since December, from 55 % to 47 %. His rating is comparable to George W. Bush ’s ( 45 % ) at the same point early in his second term and is much lower than Bill Clinton ’s 60 % rating in February 1997.
Overall, Americans are split in their views of fact - checkers : Half say fact - checking efforts by news outlets and other organizations tend to deal fairly with all sides, while about the same portion ( 48 % ) say they tend to favor one side
In Australia, the Netherlands, Sweden, Canada, the U.S., Israel, the United Kingdom, Germany, France and Spain, roughly nine - in - ten report internet use.
About seven - in - ten Americans ( 69 % ) say there ’s solid evidence that the average temperature on earth has been getting warmer over the past few decades, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in March.
The Baby Boom generation is an example of a generation that is largely delineated by demography. Its oldest members were part of the spike in fertility that began in 1946, right after the end of World War II. Its youngest members were born in 1964, shortly before a significant decline in fertility that occurred after the birth control pill first went on the market. Other generations are less strictly defined by demography, though it plays an important role in designations including Generation X and Millennials – the two generations that followed the Baby Boomers.
The racial background of the largest group of multiracial babies ( 36 % ) is black and white, but just 18 % of mixed - race adults claim this background, according to Census Bureau data. Among multiracial adults, meanwhile, the largest share ( 25 % ) identifies as white and American Indian ; this is more than twice the share among multiracial babies ( 11 % ).
About 5.6 million Hispanics voted in the 2006 mid - term election. About 54 % of Latino eligible voters registered in 2006, up from 53 % in 2002. About 60 % of these registered voters said they actually voted in 2006, up from 58 % in 2002.
Today, 42 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents say the U.S. is less respected by other countries than in the past, the lowest percentage expressing this view in more than a decade. And a much greater share of Republicans ( 29 % ) say the U.S. is more respected internationally today than did so during Obama ’s presidency or Bush ’s second term. Even at various points when Obama was in office, majorities of Democrats viewed the U.S. as less respected internationally ; 58 % said this
Fewer than one - in - five Ukrainians ( 12 % ) and Russians ( 16 % ) think the two countries should unite as a single state.
Among Democrats, those with high political knowledge are more than three times as likely to say they have heard about QAnon ( 85 % ) as those with low political knowledge ( 25 % )
Majorities in France ( 65 % ), Germany ( 62 % ), and Sweden ( 59 % ) expressed an unfavorable view of Russia.
About eight - in - ten or more adults say politicians ( 84 % ), large corporations ( 82 % ) and wealthy people ( 82 % ) have too much power and influence. About three - quarters ( 74 % ) say health insurance companies have too much power, and majorities say the same about banks and other financial institutions ( 64 % ) and technology companies ( 61 % ).
Three - quarters of adults say they ’re comfortable going to the grocery store given the current situation with the coronavirus, but views are more mixed when it comes to a restaurant or hair salon, and most would be uncomfortable attending a crowded party.
A majority of Lebanese ( 57 % ) see a nuclear Iran as threatening. A majority of Tunisians ( 57 % ) and Pakistanis ( 57 % ) do not.
In Pew Research Center ’s 2014 U.S. Religious Landscape Study, 60 % of United Methodists said homosexuality should be accepted by society – a clear majority, and a substantial increase from 2007, when 51 % said this.
It has been a decade since as many as 30 % of Americans have said they can trust the government just about always or most of the time.
nearly three - quarters of the Russian population ( 72 % ) think that homosexuality is morally unacceptable, with only 18 % saying it is acceptable or not a moral issue.
A global median of 70 % say China plays a more important role in the world than it did 10 years ago. Russia is a distant second in this assessment, with only 42 % saying that country is more important than it was a decade ago. A median of only 31 % believe the U.S. plays a more important role than it did a decade ago – less than half of the share who say this of China. Only 8 % of those surveyed say China plays a less important role than it did a decade ago, the lowest share across
Just one - in - five are satisfied with the way things are going in Japan, while nearly eight - in - ten ( 78 % ) are dissatisfied.
The trend in falling voter turnout among young people was reversed in 2004. Among the voting age members of the DotNet cohort ( ages 18 - 29 ), 49 % voted, an increase of 9 percentage points from 2000. While young people still lag behind older adults, the rise in voter turnout among those ages 30 and older was a much more modest 3 percentage points – from 65 % to 68 %.
While more Americans say the U.S. is the world ’s leading economy ( 52 % ) than say the same of China ( 32 % ), views of U.S. economic superiority declined 7 percentage points over the past four months.
While a 66 % majority said giving presidents greater powers would be too risky in August, nearly nine - in - ten ( 87 % ) now say this. Conversely, while 82 % of Republicans expressed concern about increasing presidential powers relative to the other branches of government in August, a smaller majority ( 65 % ) say this today.
In mid-2000, there were about 4 million Mexicans living in the U.S. who had arrived since 1990. That population reached 6 million at the beginning of 2004 and about 7 million in the first quarter of 2007.
A 55 % majority of black Democrats say “ it is necessary to believe in God in order to be moral, ” while 44 % say it is not necessary.
the flags are not perfect, containing both false positives ( numbers that are flagged - active but are actually non - working ) and false negatives ( numbers that are flagged - inactive but actually working ). False positives are basically harmless, aside from the loss in efficiency.
19 % say news about the candidates for the 2012 presidential elections was their top story, while 18 % each say they followed news about the economy or the Penn State scandal most closely.
Fully 84 % of Republicans want to see the pipeline built, but Democrats are more divided, with 49 % in favor and 38 % opposed.
Majorities in most countries across the region are upbeat about free markets, with similar levels of support among young and old, according to a new Pew Research Center survey of adults in 18 Central and Eastern European countries. In only two of the countries polled – Czech Republic and Poland – are young people significantly more supportive of democracy than older adults. Throughout the region as a whole, a similar share of those under 40 and those 40 and older say democracy is preferable to other forms of government ( medians of 49 % and 44 %, respectively.
Just one - in - five ( 21 % ) say job opportunities have gotten better, while 67 % think things have gotten worse ( including 47 % who say much worse ). A similar share believes prices of goods and services ( 19 % ), corruption ( 21 % ) and terrorism ( 21 % ) have gotten better. Meanwhile, 65 % say prices have gotten worse, 65 % are of the opinion that corruption has worsened ( including again 47 % who say it is much worse
About one - in - five U.S. adults ages 12 or older ( 21 % ) listened to some kind of podcast in the past month, up from 12 % six years ago, and 36 % have ever listened to a podcast, up from 23 % in 2010.
There are only two countries in the survey where fewer than four - in - ten believe the wealthy wield too much power – China ( 38 % ) and Vietnam ( 37 % ), two nations still ruled by officially Communist parties. Roughly a quarter in both countries believe the rich should have more influence on their political system than they currently do.
A majority of white mainline Protestants ( 60 % ) and black Protestants ( 64 % ) say abortion should be legal in all or most cases. By contrast, 77 % of white evangelical Protestants say abortion should be illegal in all or most cases.
In 2010, the gun suicide rate was 6.3 per 100,000 people, compared with 3.6 per 100,000 for gun homicides.
A majority agrees the U.S. should mind its own business internationally.
Among adults who live in rural areas, 46 % say they own a gun, compared with 28 % of adults who live in the suburbs and even fewer – 19 % – in urban areas
Currently, about equal percentages of those who plan to vote for the Republican candidate in their district say they consider their vote as “ for ” Obama. Four years ago, far more Democratic voters ( 53 % ) said this.
About a quarter ( 26 % ) feel that the statement “ people who give a lot of money to elected officials do not have more influence than others ” describes the country very or somewhat well ; roughly seven - in - ten ( 72 % ) say this does not describe the country well, with 43 % saying it describes it “ not at all well. ”
More than nine - in - ten Republicans ( 93 % ) cite ISIS as a major threat, compared with 79 % of Democrats. Republicans also are far more likely than Democrats to view Iran ’s nuclear program as a major threat ( 79 % vs. 52 % ).
In just the past two years, favorable views of China have jumped 17 percentage points among Russians, from 62 % in 2013 to an all - time high of 79 % today. Meanwhile, favorable views of the U.S. have taken a nosedive, falling from 51 % in 2013, to 23 % in 2014, to an all - time low of 15 % today.
The unemployment rate for 16- to 19 - year - olds last month was 15.6 %, a 42 % decrease from the level in January 2010. Among 35- to 69 - year - olds, who account for more than three - fifths of the civilian labor force, just 3.9 % were unemployed in April, a 55 % decline from the January 2010 level ; there were only minor variations within that older group.
Around one - in - seven U.S. adults ( 14 % ) say they ever get news on the platform, according to a 2019 survey. That ’s similar to the share who ever get news on Twitter ( 17 % ), but far smaller than the shares who ever get news on Facebook ( 52 % ) or YouTube ( 28 % ).
As in the past, there is extensive public support for increasing federal funding for veterans benefits and education ( 72 % each ). About six - in - ten ( 62 % ) support more government spending for rebuilding the nation ’s highways, bridges and roads, while 55 % each favor more funding for Medicare and environmental protection.
Puerto Rico has been experiencing a net population loss since at least 2005. However, the trend has been accelerating since 2010.
Around two - thirds of users ( 64 % ) say they at least sometimes encounter videos that seem obviously false or untrue while using the site. A similar share ( 60 % ) say they at least sometimes encounter videos that show people engaging in dangerous or troubling behavior.
About six - in - ten Americans ( 61 % ) say it ’s a good thing that more women are running for U.S. Congress this year than in the past, while a third say this is neither good nor bad. Just 5 % see this as a bad thing.
Since 2001, the share of Americans who favor increased legal immigration into the U.S. has risen 22 percentage points ( from 10 % to 32 % ), while the share who support a decrease has declined 29 points ( from 53 % to 24 % ).
Majorities of Americans believe the government can do at least something to reduce poverty and the gap between the rich and everyone else. But fewer believe the government can do a lot to lessen poverty ( 40 % ) than say it should take a lot of action to achieve this goal ( 53 % ).
Americans are more likely to prioritize greater cooperation with Germany than Germans are to prioritize increased cooperation with the U.S. About seven - in - ten in the U.S. ( 69 % ) want more cooperation with Germany, compared with half of Germans ( 50 % ) who want more cooperation with the U.S. Instead, Germans are most likely to say they want greater cooperation with France ( 77 % ) and Japan ( 69 % ) among the countries tested.
Even as the Latino vote remained flat at 8 %, their share among eligible voters has grown from 8.6 % in 2006 to 11 % this year.
Mexicans and Dominicans are more likely than most other Hispanic origin groups to say they are Catholic. Meanwhile, Salvadorans are more likely to say they are evangelical Protestant than Mexicans, Cubans and Dominicans. Among the nation ’s 53 million Hispanics, some 64 % are of Mexican origin. The next biggest group, those of Puerto Rican origin, accounts for 9 % of Hispanics in the 50 states and the District of Columbia. Three other origin groups—Cubans, Salvadorans and Dominicans —
While Americans are skeptical that private companies will limit the debris they create, they are more confident that these firms will make a profit : 44 % say they have a great deal of confidence that companies like SpaceX, Blue Origin or Virgin Galactic will do this, and another 36 % say they have a fair amount of confidence.
Neither of the two positive traits included in our analysis are consistently associated with Muslims.
The Millennial generation, currently the youngest adult generation, is largely made up of the children of the Baby Boom generation. The name for this cohort refers to those born after 1980 – the first generation to come of age in the new millennium. As this generation was first entering adulthood, some used the term Gen Y to refer to them, and its boundaries were slightly different.
By 2022, the agency projects that 31.9 % of those ages 65 to 74 will still be working. That compares with 20.4 % of the same age bracket in the workforce in 2002 and 26.6 % who were in the workforce in 2012.
In September 1945, the National Opinion Research Center asked Americans what they would have done if they had been the one to decide whether or not to use the atomic bomb against Japan. At the time, a plurality of Americans supported the course chosen by the Truman administration : 44 % said they would have bombed one city at a time, and another 23 % would have wiped out cities in general – in other words, two - thirds would have bombed some urban area. Just 26 % would have dropped the bomb on locations that
For its part, the media devoted the most coverage to the budget drama that played out in Washington and the last - minute compromise that averted a shutdown last weekend. This story accounted for 29 % of coverage – roughly four times the amount of coverage devoted to the Japan disaster ( 7 % ) and far more coverage than for any other story.
The largest share of Americans ( 41 % ) expect U.S. influence in world affairs to be about the same after the coronavirus outbreak compared to beforehand. The rest are evenly split, with 29 % saying the U.S. will have more influence and less influence, respectively. Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are more likely than Democrats and Democratic leaners to think the U.S. will have more influence in world affairs, while Democrats are more likely than Republicans to think their country ’s international standing will decline
Fully 84 % say corrupt officials are a big problem, and 44 % think they are a very big problem.
Most Americans believe undocumented immigrants should meet certain requirements before they are allowed to stay in the U.S. legally : 56 % say undocumented immigrants should have to pay fines before gaining legal status.
Americans with deep concern about the issue of GM foods hold mixed views about scientists connected with GM foods. Those deeply concerned about this issue say that scientists understand the health effects of GM foods very well ( 32 % ). And, 35 % of this group says they trust scientists a lot to provide full and accurate information about the health effects of eating GM foods.
majorities in Jordan, Turkey, Egypt, Indonesia, and Pakistan believe the war has made the world a more dangerous place.
The number of migrant apprehensions at the U.S.-Mexico border rose by 42 % in October and November of 2016 compared with the same two - month period in 2015, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Customs and Border Protection data. The 93,405 apprehensions were the most in any October - November period in at least five years.
As of 2015, there were 14.7 million immigrants ages 25 and older with a postsecondary diploma or college degree living in the U.S. – more than triple the number in Canada ( 4.4 million ) and more than four times as many as in the United Kingdom ( 3.4 million ).
52 % currently describe the violence in Iraq as “ mostly a civil war, ” rather than an insurgency against the U.S. and its allies. While this is largely unchanged from September, it represents a major shift from a year ago. In December 2005, just 30 % viewed the violence in Iraq as mostly a civil war while 58 % said it was an insurgency aimed at the U.S. and its allies.
In April 2010, just 40 % viewed the choice of a new Supreme Court justice as very important.
In the early June survey, overwhelming majorities of voters said they were paying attention to news about the coronavirus outbreak and Floyd protests at least fairly closely ( 90 % and 86 %, respectively ), including 45 % of voters who said they were following these stories very closely.
About three - quarters of Latinos ( 78 % ) say it will be necessary for Congress to pass another economic relief bill in addition to the $ 2 trillion economic assistance package.
A rising share of unauthorized immigrants have lived in the U.S. for more than a decade. About two - thirds ( 66 % ) of unauthorized immigrant adults in 2017 had been in the U.S. more than 10 years, compared with 41 % in 2007. A declining share of unauthorized immigrants have lived in the U.S. for five years or less – 20 % of adults in 2017, compared with 30 % in 2007.
Republicans and Republican leaners expressed far more favorable opinions of Bernanke ( 71 % ) than did Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 45 % ).
In February, 62 % of workers with a bachelor ’s degree or more education had jobs that could be performed remotely. That is nearly double the share among workers who had completed some college education ( 33 % ), including an associate degree, and almost triple the share among high school graduates who did not go to college ( 22 % ). Few workers who did not graduate from high school ( 9 % ) had the option to telework.
just 45 % of American adults had confidence in business leaders to work in the best interests of the public.
For Asians, naturalized citizens had a turnout rate of 42.7 % compared with 36.7 % for those born in the U.S. Those figures are up from 29.6 % and 22.4 % in 2014. Among all U.S. eligible voters, by contrast, the 2018 turnout rate of naturalized citizens trailed that of the U.S. born, 45.7 % to 54.2 %.
About eight - in - ten ( 81 % ) say they heard a least a little last week about Somali pirates hijacking an American yacht and killing four hostages ; 41 % say they heard a lot about this, while 40 % say they heard a little. Few ( 18 % ) had heard nothing at all.
those ages 18 - 24 stand out even compared with those just a few years older.
Revelations about the scope of American electronic surveillance efforts have generated headlines around the world over the past year. And a new Pew Research Center survey finds widespread global opposition to U.S. eavesdropping and a decline in the view that the U.S. respects the personal freedoms of its people. But in most countries there is little evidence this opposition has severely harmed America ’s overall image. In nearly all countries polled, majorities oppose monitoring by the U.S. government of emails and phone calls of foreign leaders or their citizens
Currently, 79 % of Romney voters have a favorable impression of him, while 12 % report an unfavorable impression. This compares with an overwhelming 97 % favorability rating for George W. Bush among his supporters in the fall of 2004 and a 96 % favorable rating for McCain among his supporters in the fall of 2008.
A quarter of the public ( 25 % ) says they very closely followed the ongoing discussions in Washington last week over how to handle the federal budget deficit and reduce the national debt ; just 8 % say this was the news they followed most closely.
Only 37 % of people say they hold a favorable view of the federal government, while 58 % express an unfavorable opinion. By comparison, 59 % hold favorable views of their state governments and 63 % hold favorable views of their local governments, figures that have been essentially stable since 2002.
A majority of Republicans ( 67 % ) disapprove of its handling of the situation, while most Democrats ( 56 % ) approve. Independents by roughly two - to - one ( 52 % to 24 % ) disapprove of how the administration has handled the situation involving Russia and Ukraine.
smartphone ownership rates in emerging and developing nations are rising at an extraordinary rate, climbing from a median of 21 % in 2013 to 37 % in 2015.
Fully two - thirds ( 67 % ) of Latinos say they expect their financial situation to improve over the next year, compared with 58 % of the general population who say the same. Also, two - thirds ( 66 % ) of Latinos say they expect their children to eventually enjoy a standard of living that is better than theirs is now.
For the first time in more than 130 years, young adults are more likely to be living in their parents ’ home than in any other living arrangement. In fact, a larger share of them are living with their parents than with a romantic partner – marking a significant historical shift.
Millennials also have more positive views of colleges and universities than those in older generations. Nearly three - quarters of Millennials ( 73 % ) say colleges and universities have a positive impact, compared with 64 % of Generation Xers, 59 % of Boomers and just 51 % of Silents.
About half of Americans say they have heard or read a lot or a little about QAnon.
A majority ( 56 % ) say the news media ’s coverage has been “ mostly about politics and controversy ” while only 6 % say it has been mostly about how the law will affect people. A third say the coverage has been a balance of the two.
More broadly, 64 % of veterans say the government has given them about as much help as it should have. Three - in - ten say the government has given them too little help. Post-9/11 veterans are more likely than those from previous eras to say the government has given them less help than it should have ( 43 % vs. 27 % ).
The most common racial or ethnic pairing among newlywed intermarried couples is one Hispanic and one white spouse ( 42 % ). The next most common intermarriage pairings are one white and one Asian spouse ( 15 % ). Some 12 % of newlywed intermarried couples include one white and one multiracial spouse, and 11 % include one white and one black spouse.
Currently, 21 % of Democrats say Clinton would make a good or great president, while 22 % say she would be poor or terrible, and 18 % say he would make an average president.
U.S. Hindus have 15.7 years of schooling, compared with 12.7 years of schooling, on average, among Christians, the majority religious group in the U.S.
For the first time, the Pew Research Center ’s Internet & American Life Project has found that cell phone ownership among adults has exceeded 90 %. Cell phones are now being used by 91 % of adults, according to the survey conducted between April 17 and May 19.
About as many have a favorable as unfavorable opinion of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ( 31 % vs. 28 % ).
The population of the island was 3.4 million in 2016, down from a peak of more than 3.8 million in 2004. It is projected to decline in the coming decades, to about 3 million in 2050. Puerto Rico ’s population has grown steadily since at least the 1700s, and it increased each decade between 1910 ( 1.1 million ) to 2000 ( 3.8 million ).
By roughly two - to - one, Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are more likely to say financial regulations have gone too far ( 63 % ) than to say they have not gone far enough ( 31 % ).
43 % say a way can be found for Israel and an independent Palestinian state to coexist peacefully, while 48 % do n’t think this can happen.
Among male respondents, about three - in - ten ( 32 % ) say men generally prefer to work with men while only 7 % say they favor women co - workers. An even larger share of women—40 % – of women say men prefer men as co - workers while 9 % say men would rather work with women.
About four - in - ten ( 43 % ) of those with a bachelor ’s degree have had some exposure to fertility treatment – either through their own experience or that of someone they know – and the share rises to 56 % among those with a postgraduate degree.
The number of Mexican immigrants living in the U.S. illegally has declined by 2 million since 2007. In 2017, 4.9 million unauthorized immigrants from Mexico lived in the U.S., down from a peak of 6.9 million in 2007. Mexicans now make up fewer than half of the nation ’s 10.5 million unauthorized immigrants ( 47 % in 2017 ).
69 % of Americans say the historic ruling, which established a woman ’s constitutional right to abortion in the first three months of pregnancy, should not be completely overturned. Nearly three - in - ten ( 28 % ), by contrast, would like to see it overturned.
Most Americans have heard about the U.S. government ’s surveillance programs, and some have changed their behavior because of it. Fully 87 % are aware of the federal surveillance programs ; among those aware of the programs, 25 % say they have changed the way they use technology at least somewhat after the Snowden revelations, according to our November 2014 - January 2015 survey. Additionally, 61 % of those aware of the programs say they have become less confident that the programs are serving the public interest.
Fully 66 % say news stories often are inaccurate, 77 % think that news organizations tend to favor one side, and 80 % say news organizations are often influenced by powerful people and organizations.
About half ( 53 % ) consider themselves to be a typical American, while 44 % say they are very different from a typical American.
In a Pew Research Center survey conducted June 16 - 22, just under half of U.S. adults ( 47 % ) called the deficit “ a very big problem ” in the country today – down from 55 % in the fall of 2018. Over roughly that same period, the deficit grew from $ 779.1 billion at the end of fiscal 2018 to $ 2.8 trillion as of the end of July.
By three - to - one ( 72 % to 24 % ), Republicans favor expanding the border wall. Democrats oppose this proposal by an even wider margin ( 85 % vs. 13 % in favor ).
Since November 2015, the number of pending applications has exceeded 1 million among EU countries, Norway and Switzerland, and could take another year to clear.
About seven - in - ten Druze ( 72 % ) say their religious identity is very important to them.
In a 1985 Los Angeles Times survey, nine - in - ten American adults ( 89 % ) said they would be upset if this happened, and just 9 % said they would not be.
Most of those who support legal status think there should be a way for unauthorized immigrants to become citizens ( 43 % overall ), while 24 % say the path should only include permanent residency.
more describe Russia as a serious problem but not an adversary ( 43 % ) than say it represents an adversary ( 26 % ). Just 22 % say Russia is not much of a problem.
By a margin of nearly two - to - one ( 62 % to 32 % ), more Americans now say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry than say they are opposed.
Overall, 29 % of Americans followed stock market news very closely and 14 % listed this as their most closely followed story of the week.
A wide majority of voters say voting was “ very easy ” for them personally, regardless of how or when they voted. Overall, 77 % of those who voted in person say voting was very easy for them. Slightly fewer of those who report voting by mail say the same ( 72 % ).
among Republican leaners, just a third say the term Republican describes them very or fairly well ; most ( 65 % ) say it describes them not to well or not at all well.
While Obama ’s job rating has been below 50 % for the past year, it stands eight points higher than that of his predecessor, George W. Bush, at a comparable point eight years ago. In July 2006, 36 % approved of Bush ’s job performance.
only one - in - four Germans say the countries of the EU are the world ’s leading economic power, compared with 41 % who name China and 24 % who name the U.S.
Almost all of the quiz - takers ( 94 % ) say they have a library card, compared with 61 % of the general population, and 87 % have visited a library in the past year.
The vast majority of U.S. Muslims say belief in God is essential ( 85 % ) to their religious identity. An additional 10 % say belief in God is “ important but not essential. ”
Americans continued to follow the health care debate more closely than any other news story last week, and the public sees the odds of a reform bill ultimately being passed increasing. In the latest weekly News Interest Index survey, conducted Dec. 18 - 21 among 1,018 adults nationwide, 61 % say they think a health reform bill will pass over the next year, while 34 % think it will not.
Hispanics are the fastest - growing major racial or ethnic group in local police departments in the United States. In 2013, Hispanics made up 12 % of full - time sworn officers, up 7 percentage points since the late 1980s, according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics.
President Pea Nieto ’s popularity has declined over the past year. Just 44 % express a favorable opinion of him, down 7 percentage points since 2014 and down 12 points from a spring 2012 poll conducted just months before he was elected president.
In 2019, about twice as many Germans prioritized their country ’s relationship with the U.S. over China ( 50 % vs. 24 % ). Since then, however, the share of Germans who say it is more important for their country to have a close relationship with the U.S. has fallen 13 percentage points, while the share who prioritize a close relationship with China has gone up by 12 points. Today, 37 % of Germans say they prioritize their country ’s relationship with the U.S. while a
Just 17 % of AAAS scientists and 38 % of Americans said population growth will n’t be a problem because we will find a way to stretch natural resources.
Overall, 55 % said in the Jan. 7 - 11 survey that their family ’s income is falling behind the cost of living, while 37 % say it ’s staying about even ; only 6 % think their family income is going up faster than the cost of living.
Many do see upsides to immigration, however, including the view that immigrants make their country stronger through their hard work and talents. Most also support encouraging highly skilled people to come to their country for work, and a median of 77 % favor taking in refugees from nations where people are fleeing violence and war.
In terms of the division of governing power, younger British adults are significantly less likely to say that some powers currently held by the EU should be returned to national governments. A majority ( 57 % ) of British adults younger than 30 say this, compared with 70 % of those ages 30 to 49 and 82 % of those 50 and older. Only 19 % of 18- to 29 - year - olds in the UK say they strongly believe that some powers currently held by the EU should be returned to individual countries.
Majorities of moderate and liberal Republicans ( 59 % ), independents ( 62 % ), conservative and moderate Democrats ( 67 % ), and liberal Democrats ( 87 % ) say Muslims should not receive greater scrutiny solely because of their religion. Republicans are roughly evenly divided ( 49 % greater scrutiny, 44 % no additional scrutiny ), while clear majorities of independents ( 62 % ) and Democrats ( 76 % ) say U.S. Muslims should not be subject to greater scrutiny
A 63 % majority of Americans say stricter environmental regulations are worth the cost. When asked to choose, most Americans say stricter environmental regulations are worthwhile, while 30 % think such laws and regulations cost too many jobs and hurt the economy.
Hispanic women favored Democrats over Republicans by a margin of 66 % to 32 %, compared with 57 % to 41 % among Hispanic men.
Among married women in 2012, 21 % had spouses who were less educated than they were — a threefold increase from 1960, according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of Census data. The trend toward wives being more educated than their husbands is even more prevalent among newlyweds, partly because younger women have surpassed men in higher education in the past two decades. In 2012, 27 % of newlywed women married a spouse whose education level was lower than theirs. By contrast, only 15 % of newlywe
The share of Americans who say the government is doing well in reducing the threat of terrorism has fallen by 26 percentage points – from 72 % to 46 % – and now stands at its lowest point in the post-9/11 era. Approval of the way Barack Obama is handling the threat of terrorism also has declined, even as his overall job rating ( currently 46 % ) – and his ratings on immigration, the economy and other issues – is little changed. Just 37 % approve of the way Obama is handling terrorism while 57 % disappro
Between 2004 and 2016, nearly 1.5 million foreign graduates of U.S. colleges and universities obtained authorization to remain and work in the U.S. through the federal government ’s Optional Practical Training program ( OPT ). More than half ( 53 % ) of the foreign graduates approved for employment specialized in science, technology, engineering and mathematics ( STEM ) fields, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) data received through a Freedom of Information Act request.
According to a survey by Instituto Opina, a private polling organization, one day before passage of the bill, approximately 62 % of the public favored the legislation. Nine months later, a second poll showed 61 % of the public supporting the measure.
Nearly eight - in - ten in Chile ( 79 % ), Argentina ( 78 % ) and Venezuela ( 77 % ) said they approved of the renewal of relations between the U.S. and Cuba, as did 67 % of those in Brazil and 54 % of those in Mexico.
About half of Republicans ( 53 % ) also say they are bothered a lot by the complexity of the tax system. By comparison, just 31 % of Democrats say this aspect of the system bothers them a lot.
In October, 89 % of Biden supporters and 86 % of Trump supporters said their preferred candidate should focus on addressing the needs of all Americans, even if it means disappointing some supporters. Only around one - in - ten in both camps said their candidate should focus on the concerns of those who voted for him without worrying too much about the concerns of those who did n’t.
Many are skeptical about the need for cosmetic procedures and other current enhancements. For example, 61 % of Americans say people are too quick to undergo cosmetic procedures to change their appearance in ways that are not really important. Roughly a third ( 34 % ) say elective cosmetic surgery is “ taking technology too far. ” And, overall, 54 % of U.S. adults say elective cosmetic surgery leads to both benefits and downsides for society.
Overall, 55 % say they disapprove of the way Trump is handling his job as president, compared with 38 % who say they approve of his job performance.
Americans and Germans have remarkably similar views when it comes to attitudes toward Russia and China, as well as opinions about the economy. Both Germans and Americans still think highly of NATO, and Germans have become more inclined to believe their country must increase spending on defense. Both Germans and Americans still think highly of NATO, and Germans have become much more negative : 73 % say that relations with the U.S. are bad, a 17 - percentage - point increase since 2017.
As you note, we estimate that only about 6.9 % of the adult population has a mixed - race background.
There is no consensus as to whether in the future Turkey should look to Europe ( 17 % ) or to the Middle East ( 25 % ). Nearly four - in - ten ( 37 % ) volunteer that both are equally important, while 6 % say that neither are important and 15 % do not offer an opinion.
News about Libya accounted for 41 % of news coverage this week, compared with just 15 % devoted to the Japan crisis.
partisan antipathy is more pronounced among Republicans, especially consistently conservative Republicans. Fully 66 % of consistently conservative Republicans think the Democrats ’ policies threaten the nation ’s well - being. By comparison, half ( 50 % ) of consistently liberal Democrats say Republican policies jeopardize the nation ’s well - being.
Three - in - ten Americans paid very close attention to news about the presidential campaign last week, however, only 11 % listed the campaign as the single news story they were following more closely than any other — putting it in fourth place behind the economy, the troubles facing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and the situation in Iraq. Fully 45 % of the public followed news about the economy very closely and 29 % listed this as their most closely followed story.
About three - quarters of Muslim Americans ( 74 % ) say President Donald Trump is unfriendly toward them.
Some 54 % of Americans anticipate a slippery slope, saying it ’s very likely that “ even if gene editing is used appropriately in some cases, others will use these techniques in ways that are morally unacceptable. ”
The new survey finds continued majority support for legal abortion : 53 % of Americans say that abortion should be legal in all ( 23 % ) or most cases ( 31 % ) ; 39 % say that abortion should be illegal in all ( 16 % ) or most cases ( 23 % ).
Mexico ’s military continues to be highly rated, with about six - in - ten ( 61 % ) saying the military has a positive impact on the way things are going in the country.
Nearly six - in - ten black Democrats ( 57 % ) say that Trump ’s economic policies have made economic conditions in the country worse
Fully 77 % of independent voters who are closely tracking this news story believe most members should be voted out this fall.
When it comes to Barack Obama, 90 % say they already pretty much know what they need to know about him ; just 8 % say they need to learn more.
The number of unauthorized immigrants in the labor force – working or looking for work – declined to 7.6 million in 2017, less than the total of the previous year and notably less than in 2007, when they were 8.2 million. Unauthorized immigrants made up 4.6% of the labor force in 2017, down from 5.4 % in 2007.
A majority of Americans say frustration ( 55 % ) best describes their feeling toward the federal government, while about two - in - ten say they are angry ( 22 % ) ; a similar share ( 19 % ) say they are basically content.
Fully 66 % of consistently conservative Republicans think the Democrats ’ policies threaten the nation ’s well - being. By comparison, half ( 50 % ) of consistently liberal Democrats say Republican policies jeopardize the nation ’s well - being.
Seven - in - ten Hispanic adults ( 70 % ) say they are at least somewhat concerned that they will be hospitalized due to the coronavirus ( including 43 % who are very concerned about this ). Among black Americans, nearly six - in - ten ( 59 % ) are at least somewhat concerned about this, including about a third ( 31 % ) who are very concerned. By comparison, about half of white adults ( 51 % ) express some concern about the possibility of hospitalization as
In the current survey, a larger majority of Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 75 % ) than Republicans and Republican leaners ( 67 % ) say cyberattacks from other countries are a major threat to the U.S. In April 2016, partisan views were the reverse : 78 % of Republicans viewed cyberattacks as a major threat compared with 68 % of Democrats.
In a March survey, Democrats were roughly twice as likely as Republicans to say criticism from news organizations keeps political leaders from doing things that should n’t be done ( 89 % versus 42 % ). When the Center last asked this question in January and February 2016, about three - quarters of both Democrats ( 74 % ) and Republicans ( 77 % ) said this.
Though Democrats comfortably won the Latino vote in nearly all states that had key Senate or gubernatorial races, Republican candidates won many of those contests, and will take control of the U.S. Senate for the first time since 2007. In congressional races nationally, Democrats won the Latino vote by a margin of 62 % to 36 %. This is comparable to the last midterm cycle four years ago when six - in - ten ( 60 % ) Latinos voted for a Democratic candidate, but down
In the U.S., seven - in - ten say the relationship is good, while 73 % in Germany say the relationship is bad. Among Germans, this constitutes a sharp elevation in negative assessments since 2017, when 56 % said the relationship was bad. Despite their generally negative perceptions, only one - in - ten Germans say the relationship with the U.S. is very bad. Most Americans ( 58 % ), for their part, say the relationship is somewhat good, while
In one group, 58 % of smart speaker owners say they would not like their speaker to do a better job of taking their interests and preferences into account in the future, compared with 42 % who would like their speakers to do a better job taking their interests and preferences into account.
Over the course of the nation ’s history, there has been a slow but steady decrease in the size of the average U.S. household – from 5.79 people per household in 1790 to 2.58 in 2010.
In October 2019, roughly nine - in - ten Democrats with a high level of knowledge about science ( 89 % ) said human activity contributes a great deal to climate change, compared with 41 % of Democrats with low science knowledge, based on an 11 - item knowledge index
In raw numbers, Turkey hosted more refugees than any other country last year : almost 1.6 million ( or about 2 % of the country ’s population ), including more than 1.5 million refugees from Syria and about 25,000 from Iraq, Iran and Afghanistan.
smaller shares of Americans who live in urban areas ( 13 % ) or the suburbs ( 9 % ) view access to high - speed internet service as a major problem in their area
Changes in unemployment during the recession reveal a rapidly worsening situation for foreign - born Hispanics, native - born Hispanics and blacks in the labor market.
Currently, 40 % of whites say race relations are generally good, compared with 28 % of blacks and 33 % of Hispanics who say this.
Averaging four major public polls conducted in the final days before the election produces party vote totals very close to the actual election two - party results. Indeed, on average, the final Gallup Poll has been within 1.1 % of the actual vote.
About two - thirds of U.S. adults ( 65 % ) say they have a large minority of adult twitter users.
Across 10 European nations, the U.S., Canada and Russia, majorities in most countries name ISIS as a serious threat to their countries. This includes a median of 74 % across the European countries who say that ISIS is a major threat to their nation. The same number in the U.S. ( 74 % ) name ISIS as a top threat to their country.
One - in - five named either the economy ( 21 % ) or health care ( 21 % ) as the news they followed more closely than any other.
By more than two - to - one, more Republicans ( 72 % ) than Democrats ( 34 % ) currently favor the death penalty.
Those who tweet about politics are more likely than other users to report engaging in a variety of political activities, such as attending rallies and contacting elected officials
While most online environments were viewed as equally welcoming to both genders, the starkest results were for online gaming. Some 44 % of respondents felt the platform was more welcoming toward men.
Overall satisfaction with the choice of candidates is at its lowest point in two decades. Currently, fewer than half of registered voters in both parties – 43 % of Democrats and 40 % of Republicans – say they are satisfied with their choices for president. Roughly four - in - ten voters ( 41 % ) say it is difficult to choose between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton because neither would make a good president – as high as at any point since 2000. And just 11 % say the choice is difficult because either would make a good chief executive
Close to two - in - ten ( 18 % ) say they followed reports about General Motors ’ plans to file bankruptcy most closely.
A majority of Democrats ( 54 % ) continue to say they want party leaders to “ stand up ” to President Bush.
Currently, 65 % of Democrats say people like them will lose influence with Trump as president ; 44 % of Democrats said this about the Bush administration at a comparable point in 2001.
A large majority of Americans ( 78 % ) feel a strong sense of gratitude or thankfulness on a weekly basis, according to a new poll by the Pew Research Center. And only 6 % of Americans say they seldom or never experience these feelings.
The steps the government has taken since 9/11 are generally seen as having made the country safer. Six - in - ten ( 60 % ) say steps taken by the government since Sept. 11, 2001 have made the country safer, while 35 % say these actions have not had much of an effect.
Currently, 49 % of Americans say it is more important to protect the right of Americans to own guns, while 46 % say it is more important to control gun ownership.
In 2017, just 36 % of Republicans and Republican leaners said colleges and universities have a positive effect on the way things are going in the country, an 18 - percentage - point decline from two years prior. By contrast, 72 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners said colleges and universities have a positive effect, which was little changed from prior years.
Currently, 62 % of voters say Trump has been too personally critical of Clinton, which is about 10 percentage points higher than the previous peak ( 53 % said that about Bob Dole in 1996, 52 % for John Kerry in 2004 ). Just 36 % say he has not been too critical of Clinton.
Lack of employment opportunities is seen by the public as India ’s biggest challenge, with 76 % of adults saying it is a very big problem – little changed over the past year. In 2018, despite an estimated 3.5 % formal unemployment rate, 18.6 million Indians were jobless and another 393.7 million work in poor - quality jobs vulnerable to displacement, according to estimates by the International Labor Office.
Non - Hispanic whites will remain the largest racial or ethnic group in the overall population but will become less than a majority, the projections show. Currently 62 % of the population, they will make up 46 % of it in 2065. Hispanics will be 24 % of the population ( 18 % now ), Asians will be 14 % ( 6 % now ) and blacks will be 13 % ( 12 % now ).
Bangladesh experienced an increase in assaults and killings of members of religious groups by social groups or individuals – including multiple instances where people who had expressed atheist views or were accused of offending Islam on the internet were killed or threatened.
About a quarter of U.S. adults ( 24 % ) say tax rates on corporations and large businesses should be lowered, while roughly twice as many ( 52 % ) say they should be raised. Another 21 % say corporate tax rates should be kept the same as they are now.
Roughly four - in - ten said they were somewhat or very concerned about government monitoring of their activity on search engines, email messages and cellphones. Roughly three - in - ten expressed the same amount of concern over monitoring of their activity on social media and mobile apps.
Many Colbert Report viewers also get their news from CNN, local TV news and NPR.
23 % say they heard a lot about a recall of Fisher Price toys and other products.
About four - in - ten ( 41 % ) Americans say they followed news about the economy very closely last week. For 25 %, this was the story they followed most closely.
Nearly six - in - ten ( 59 % ) Republican and Republican leaning voters say they have an excellent or good impression of their party ’s presidential candidates, which is little changed from May of this year ( 57 % ). In August 2011, 49 % of Republican voters viewed the GOP presidential field positively ; in October 2007, 50 % had a favorable impression of the candidates as a group.
Overall, 46 % of registered voters say that life in America today is worse than it was 50 years ago “ for people like them, ” while 34 % say life is better and 14 % think it is about the same.
One - in - seven U.S. infants ( 14 % ) are multiracial or multiethnic. This share is nearly triple the share ( 5 % ) in 1980.
31 % say we will have achieved significant progress on the deficit in the next five years or so, down from 37 % in December. Fully 81 % see the deficit as a major problem that must be addressed now – rather than one that can be addressed when the economy improves – up from 70 % late last year.
In fall 2015, the share of nonwhite students in U.S. public elementary and secondary schools hit a record 51 %. That ’s up from 30 % in fall 1986. Growth has been especially fast among Hispanic students, who increased from 10 % of students in 1986 to 26 % in 2015. At the same time, nonwhites continue to make up a relatively small share of teachers : In the 2015 - 16 school year, just 20 % of public school elementary and secondary teachers were nonwhite, up from 13 %
The debate over health care reform got more media coverage than any other story, taking up 17 % of the newshole analyzed by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism. That was down from 32 % of coverage the previous week when Obama delivered his address to Congress.
By nearly four - to - one ( 47 % to 12 % ) Indians say the United States is today the world ’s leading economic power rather than China
growing shares of U.S. births are to members of minority groups, who tend to be younger, and more likely to be of child - bearing age.
17 % of workers say they use social media to build or strengthen personal relationships at work.
Economic problems now top the public ’s list of national concerns, with roughly one - in - three ( 34 % ) citing economic problems as the nation ’s most grave, compared with 27 % who say the war in Iraq is the biggest problem facing the nation.
fewer than half ( 43 % ) say they expect Cuba to become more democratic over the next several years. Still, in January just 32 % predicted that Cuba would become more democratic.
The new national survey by the Pew Research Center, finds that the public overall is divided over whether Brown ’s shooting raises important issues about race or whether the issue of race is getting more attention than it deserves : 44 % think the case does raise important issues about race that require discussion, while 40 % say the issue of race is getting more attention than it deserves. By about four - to - one ( 80 % to 18 % ), African Americans say the shooting in Ferguson raises important issues about race that merit discussion. By contrast, whites
Today, 32 % say they are very or somewhat confident in Trump ’s ability to handle an international crisis, while 60 % say they have little or no confidence. In April, 48 % expressed at least some confidence in him in this area, while 51 % said they had little or no confidence. Asked specifically about Trump ’s ability to handle the situation with North Korea, more say they are not too or not at all confident in Trump ( 59 % ) than say they are at least somewhat confident ( 39 % ) in his ability to
the share of Americans who say the government is doing well in reducing the threat of terrorism has fallen by 26 percentage points – from 72 % to 46 % – and now stands at its lowest point in the post-9/11 era.
Just 21 % of Americans say relations between Republicans and Democrats will get better in the coming year. Far more ( 37 % ) expect relations to worsen, while 41 % say they will stay about the same.
Amid Trump ’s persistent criticisms of CNN and other media outlets as “ fake news, ” for example, partisan differences over the role of the press as a “ watchdog ” were wider than in more than three decades of Pew Research Center surveys.
a majority of Americans say they would consider it essential that humans, not solely robots, make the trip. Overall, 58 % of U.S. adults believe it is essential to include the use of human astronauts in the U.S. space program, while 41 % say astronauts are not essential.
Views of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad are negative across all of the Middle Eastern nations surveyed. Only 7 % in Israel and 1 % in Jordan view Assad positively.
A majority of U.S. adults ( 82 % ) say that there are times when it is acceptable for journalists to use anonymous sources, with 67 % saying it is acceptable only in special cases
Among the foreign policy experts polled by Pew Research Center, nearly nine - in - ten ( 88 % ) say they lack confidence in Trump to do the right thing regarding world affairs. A median of 76 % among the European and North American publics agree. Nearly as many foreign policy experts describe Trump as “ dangerous. ” A median of roughly seven - in - ten across the publics surveyed share this view.
Currently, 79 % of Democrats say significant changes in the structure of government are needed, compared with 41 % of Republicans.
By 66 % t0 30 % more Americans say they are dissatisfied than satisfied with the way things are going in the country today.
In Lebanon, which shares a long border with conflict - ridden Syria, 92 % of the public is worried about Islamic extremism, up 11 points from the already high figure of 81 % in 2013. Lebanese Christians ( 95 % ), Shia Muslims ( 95 % ) and Sunni Muslims ( 86 % ) all share high levels of concern.
Indeed, print newspaper readers tend to be news enthusiasts. They are more likely to often watch local TV news than those newspaper readers who access the paper online instead of or in addition to the print edition.
In February, 34 % of Americans, including 68 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents, said they approved of the way GOP leaders in Congress were handling their jobs. Today, Republican leaders ’ overall job approval has declined to 22 %, with just 39 % of Republicans approving of their job performance. Since February, job ratings for Democratic congressional leaders have fallen eight percentage points overall ( from 37 % to 29 % ) ; just 44 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners approve of their party ’s congressional
Relatively prosperous Americans have multiple internet and other devices, with higher ownership of cell phones ( 95 % ), desktop and laptop computers ( 79 % each ), mp3 players ( 70 % ), and game consoles ( 54 % ) relative to other income groups.
Overwhelmingly, Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 86 % ) say that Congress is keeping its campaign promises.
About half of Americans ( 51 % ) say NAFTA has been a good thing for the U.S., including 11 % who say it has been very good. That compares with 74 % of Canadians who say the agreement has been good for Canada, including 20 % who say it has been very good.
Overall, 85 % of teens in a romantic relationship expect to hear from their partner or significant other at least once a day, if not more often. 11 % expect to hear from their partner hourly. 35 % expect to hear something every few hours. 38 % expect to hear from their significant other once a day.
In 2015, about 4.9 million people born in the UK lived in other countries, the 10th - largest emigrant population in the world. Overall, about 8 % of those born in the UK live outside its borders. By contrast, only about 1 % of those born in the U.S. live outside of the United States.
In India nearly half of adults ( 47 % ) say they use a basic mobile phone that cannot connect to the internet. Sizable shares in Kenya ( 40 % ), Tunisia ( 37 % ) and Venezuela ( 36 % ) also report using a basic phone.
Defending against terrorism continues to rank among the public ’s leading priorities for the president and Congress, with nearly three - quarters ( 73 % ) saying it is a top priority.
The Census Bureau statistics indicate that demographic change is percolating upward through the nation ’s age groups, starting with the youngest ones. In fact, the bureau estimates indicate that 50.3 % of children younger than 5 were racial or ethnic minorities in 2015.
In April 2017, 84 % of those who consistently identified with or leaned toward the Republican Party approved of Trump ’s job performance – with 66 % approving strongly.
Whites overall are less likely to say that Hispanics face discrimination ( 73 % of whites say this, compared with 86 % of Hispanics ). However, 90 % of white Democrats say that Hispanics face at least some discrimination compared with 59 % of white Republicans.
Across the 10 European states surveyed, a median of 62 % hold a favorable view of the institution. Ratings of the EU are highest in Poland and Spain, where roughly seven - in - ten have favorable views. About six - in - ten see the EU positively in Germany, the Netherlands, Sweden, France, Italy and Hungary. The UK and Greece, however, do not hold such favorable attitudes. In the UK, opinion is roughly split ; 48 % have a favorable opinion of the EU
when it came to spending more to develop new energy technology, opinion was divided more evenly, with 49 % prioritizing energy spending and 45 % deficit reduction.
the uptick in vaping among college students for nicotine ( from 6 % in 2017 to 16 % in 2018 ) and marijuana ( from 5 % to 11 % ) were among the greatest one - year increases for any substance asked about since the survey was first administered in 1975.
About half ( 52 % ) of Republicans ages 18 to 29 say colleges and universities have a positive impact on the country, compared with just 27 % of those 65 and older
Bush ’s job approval rating among registered voters has risen from 37 % in early October, to 41 % in the current survey.
Opinions of Cuba vary sharply by ideological self - identification in Venezuela. Those Venezuelans who place themselves on the left side of the ideological spectrum are much more likely to have a favorable view of Cuba ( 79 % ) than those who place themselves on the right side of the spectrum ( 25 % ).
Large majorities around the world say they follow national and local news closely ( global medians of 86 % and 78 % respectively ).
54 % of Egyptians say that having a stable government is more important. Only 44 % think having a democratic government is more important.
Americans are more favorable toward the UN than not : 62 % have a positive view, while 31 % have a negative view.
Far more Americans have a favorable opinion of their local government ( 67 % ) than of the federal government ( 35 % ).
In a 2014 Pew Research Center survey, 64 % of the British thought the EU was inefficient and does not understand the needs of its citizens. Six - in - ten said it was intrusive. In this year ’s survey, 70 % in the UK disapprove of the EU ’s handling of the refugee issue and 55 % said the same about the EU ’s dealing with economic issues.
While adults under 30 favored military action by three - to - one ( 69 % favor - 23 % oppose ), adults 65 and older offered less support ( 51 % 31 % ).
According to a recent Pew Research Center survey of U.S. adults, defending the country from terrorism ( 76 % ), strengthening the nation ’s economy ( 73 % ) and improving the educational system ( 69 % ) are rated as the top three prirorities of more than 20 tested. On reducing health care costs, 66 % rate the issue as a top priority for Trump and Congress, again a higher share than among Latinos. Meanwhile, on immigration, 43 %
The share of primary schools with an officer present grew much faster during this period than the share of secondary schools with an officer on site, which increased from 58 % to 65 %.
In the new survey, 60 % of Democrats and 52 % of Republicans say the U.S. is one of the greatest countries in the world, again little changed from 2015.
In the U.S., Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are more likely than Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents to favor increased defense spending in Europe. However, the share among Republicans who think the U.S. ’s European allies should increase their defense budgets has fallen by 14 percentage points between 2017 and 2019.
President Bush ’s overall job approval rating has risen only slightly in recent days, even as increasing numbers believe that the war in Iraq has been won. The president ’s current rating is 72 %, statistically unchanged from 74 % immediately after the fall of Baghdad, but notably higher than his prewar approval rating of 55 %.
Since the 2008 financial crisis, perceptions about the economic balance of power in the world have been shifting. Looking at the 20 nations surveyed in both 2008 and 2013, the median percentage naming the U.S. as the world ’s leading economic power has declined from 47 % to 41 %, while the median percentage placing China in the top spot has risen from 20 % to 34 %.
More than four times as many people say they sympathize with Israel rather than the Palestinians ( 49 % to 11 % ) ; 15 % say they sympathize with neither side, while a sizable proportion offers no opinion ( 20 % ).
Public confidence in scientists is relatively strong compared with trust in other institutional groups. Only the military earns more confidence from the public.
Those who say that vaccines for such diseases as measles, mumps and rubella are unsafe for healthy children ( 9 % of the public ) were asked why they feel this way.
Of the 84,995 refugees admitted to the United States in fiscal year 2016, the largest numbers came from the Democratic Republic of Congo, Syria, Burma ( Myanmar ) and Iraq.
In a Pew Research Center survey conducted in March, 63 % of people said they had a favorable opinion of their local government, a level that ’s stayed fairly constant over several years ; 57 % expressed favorable views of their state government, a five - point uptick from last year. But just 28 % rated the federal government favorably, versus 65 % unfavorably ; the favorability rating was five points lower than a year earlier and the lowest ever in a Pew Research Center survey
Women ( 69 % ) are more likely than men ( 58 % ) to say stricter environmental laws and regulations are worth the cost.
76 % would have favored amending the Imperial Household Act to allow a female to take the throne.
The typical outlet is between four and six years old ; editorially, it is focused on coverage of local or even neighborhood - level news ; it is just as likely to operate as a nonprofit organization as for - profit model ; and it has a lean full - time editorial staff of three or fewer people.
Nearly all the AAAS scientists ( 98 % ) say they have some level of interaction with citizens at least from time to time, and 51 % have at least some contact with reporters about research findings. In addition, nearly half of AAAS scientists – 47 % – use social media to talk about science or read about scientific developments at least some of the time. Some 24 % of these AAAS scientists blog about science and research.
Republicans are more likely to express anger at government today than they were during the Bush administration. By contrast, Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents are about twice as likely to express anger toward the federal government than they were a year ago ( 11 % then, 24 % today ).
Roughly half of U.S. adults ( 49 % ) had a favorable view of the VA and 34 % expressed an unfavorable view.
Overall, 49 % of Americans say that TPP would be a good thing for their country, while 29 % think it would be a bad thing.
The latest nationwide survey by the Pew Research Center finds 48 % approving and 43 % disapproving of Bush ’s overall job performance. This is slightly better than the 43 % rating he received in early April.
Last year ’s summer employment rate for 16- to 17 - year - olds was 20 %, less than half its level as recently as 2000. For 18- and 19 - year - olds, the summer employment rate last year was 43.6 %, still well below the 62.6 % average rate in the summer of 2000.
About six - in - ten ( 61 % ) of those who do not have health insurance know that the law requires the uninsured to get insurance
a 56 % majority of Americans say it is unacceptable for the U.S. to monitor the phones of allied leaders, while 36 % say the practice is acceptable.
About half ( 52 % ) say either that Trump has not taken the risks seriously enough ( 23 % ) or that he has n’t taken them seriously at all ( 29 % ) ; 37 % say he ’s gotten the risks about right.
An overwhelming majority of U.S. adults ( 88 % ) say the benefits of the MMR vaccine outweigh the risks – the same share as in 2016, when the Center last asked this question – while the share who consider its preventive health benefits to be “ very high ” has grown by 11 percentage points during that time ( from 45 % to 56 % ). A 69 % majority of Americans consider the risk of side effects from the vaccine to be either low or very low, about the same as in 2016.
The industries with the next - biggest shares of immigrant workers were textile, apparel and leather manufacturers ( 36 % ) and the farm sector : A third ( 33 % ) of the nearly 2 million agriculture workers in 2014 were born outside the U.S.
While 51 % rate it as a top priority, another 37 % say it is an important but lower priority ; just 11 % say it is not toot important or should not be done.
States in the West and Southwest tend to have the highest shares of K-12 students with unauthorized immigrant parents. In six states, the share is 10 % or more : Nevada ( 17.6 % ) ranked first, followed by Texas ( 13.4 % ), California ( 12.3 % ), Arizona ( 12.2 % ), Colorado ( 10.2 % ) and New Mexico ( 10.1 % ).
Employment in math occupations is expected to grow by 28 %.
Around three - in - ten men ages 18 to 29 ( 29 % ) say their views on a political or social issue changed in the past year due to social media. This is roughly twice the share saying this among all Americans and more than double the shares among men and women ages 30 and older ( 12 % and 11 %, respectively ).
Today, a 56 % - majority of Boomers ( those ages 53 to 71 ) say they favor allowing legal same - sex marriage, while a smaller share ( 39 % ) say they are opposed. Support among Boomers has increased since March 2016, when just less than half ( 46 % ) said they favored same - sex marriage. Among the Silent generation ( those ages 72 to 89 ), 49 % oppose allowing gays and lesbians to marry, while
The findings indicate a downward drift in the number of those who use physical library facilities in any given year. In our first survey on this in November 2012, 53 % of adults had visited a library or bookmobile in the past 12 months. Over the same period, the use of library websites has leveled off. In 2013, 30 % of adults had used a library website over the past 12 months, while the new finding is that 31 % have done so in the past year. Additionally, we found that 9 % of adults had used a
About four - in - ten ( 39 % ) say they have a very great deal ( 7 % ) or good deal ( 31 % ) of trust and confidence in the wisdom of the American people when it comes to making political decisions. A 59 % majority says they have not very much confidence ( 47 % ) or no confidence at all ( 12 % ) in the public ’s political wisdom.
Chancellor Angela Merkel has a favorable impression of Putin, while 42 % have an unfavorable view. Among Democrats and Democratic leaners, opinions are nearly the reverse : 21 % view Netanyahu favorably, while 45 % have an unfavorable opinion and 34 % do not express a view.
About three - in - ten Americans ( 31 % ) say they heard a lot last week about the defunct satellite that scientists expected to crash into the earth this past weekend. Another 40 % say they heard a little about this.
Partisan opinions are less symmetrical on whether Trump has definitely or probably “ done things that are grounds for impeachment. ” While 93 % of Democrats say Trump has definitely or probably done things that are grounds for impeachment – including 70 % who say he has definitely done such things – a smaller majority of Republicans ( 80 % ) say he has not. Fewer than half of Republicans ( 46 % ) say Trump has definitely not done things that are grounds for impeachment.
Only 21 % of Americans have confidence in Russian President Vladimir Putin to do the right thing – similar to the share who had confidence in him over much of the past decade.
The share of Americans who say the government is doing well in reducing the threat of terrorism has fallen by 26 percentage points – from 72 % to 46 % – and now stands at its lowest point in the post-9/11 era.
nearly two - thirds of Americans say they would like relations to remain as close as they have been ( 65 % ), while 30 % think the U.S. should take a more independent approach to foreign policy. However, when asked specifically about U.S.-German relations, roughly seven - in - ten ( 72 % ) said they would like their country to pursue a more independent approach.
Overall, 47 % of adults say the United States has done a good or excellent job of handling the outbreak, but just 27 % of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents hold that view, compared with 71 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents.
10 % say news about the situation in Afghanistan was their top story ; 22 % say they followed news about Afghanistan very closely.
A comparable share ( 92 % ) considers freedom of speech to be essential to their own sense of freedom. Large majorities also say the right to privacy ( 87 % ) and freedom of religion ( 85 % ) are essential to them. Views are more mixed when it comes to the right to own guns : 48 % say this is essential, while 33 % say it is important but not essential and 19 % say it is not important.
While perceptions of rising crime at the national level are common, fewer Americans believe crime is up in their own communities. In all 23 Gallup surveys that have included the question since 1993, no more than about half of Americans have said crime is up in their area compared with the year before. This year, the gap between the share of Americans who say crime is up nationally and the share who say it is up locally ( 78 % vs. 38 % ) is the widest Gallup has ever recorded.
Democrats continue to be the most positive, with 73 % expressing a favorable view, compared with six - in - ten independents and about half of Republicans ( 49 % ).
Today, measles cases are extremely rare, but the CDC reported a spike in 2014, with more than 600 measles cases, the first such jump in more than a decade.
Currently, 38 % say they followed news about the debt limit debate very closely, little different from the 34 % that said this earlier.
More than seven - in - ten ( 73 % ) Americans say the health care debate affects them personally, down slightly from the 78 % that said the same in mid - July. In the current survey, 26 % say it does not affect them personally, up slightly from 21 % in July.
Fully 45 % say they very closely followed news about the massive storm system that swept across much of the country last week. This was the top story for 26 % and accounted for 8 % of the news coverage measured by PEJ.
Fully nine - in - ten say that national economic conditions are only fair or poor, and nearly two - thirds describe their own finances that way – the most since the summer of 1992.
68 % of Canadians now have a favorable view of the U.S., while just 28 % express an unfavorable opinion.
The survey finds the public closely tracked news about the economy last week, but the top story by far is the agreement by the president and Congress to raise the debt limit. Nearly half ( 46 % ) followed news about the last - minute debt deal very closely ; the same percentage followed news about the economy very closely. However, 45 % say the debt limit agreement was the story they followed most closely ; the economy was a distant second, at 19 %.
Trump gets his lowest ratings in Mexico. Over the past decade, U.S. presidents have gotten mixed or negative reviews in Mexico, but at 5 %, Trump registers the lowest confidence rating of any U.S. leader in Mexico since Pew Research Center began surveying there. His rating in Mexico is also the lowest among the 37 nations polled in 2017.
Just 39 % approve of the job Trump has done in explaining his plans and policies, while 41 % approve of his high - level appointments.
About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) think a wall along the entire border with Mexico would lead to a “ major reduction ” in illegal immigration into the U.S. ; another 25 % think it would result in a “ minor reduction. ” A 43 % plurality thinks a border wall would not have much impact on illegal immigration into the U.S.
More than four - in - ten ( 43 % ) say they followed reports about the condition of the economy very closely. This was the most closely followed story for 11 %. The media devoted 6 % of coverage to news about the economy.
By roughly two - to - one, Democrats ( 63 % to 29 % ) and independents ( 62 % to 32 % ) say the campaign has not focused on important policy debates. Republicans are divided – 46 % say the campaign has concentrated on important policy debates while 44 % say it has not.
Only six - in - ten Brazilians now have a favorable view of their own country, with 39 % voicing an unfavorable opinion.
About four - in - ten ( 43 % ) said the rich were more likely than the average person to be intelligent ( with 50 % saying there was no difference or expressing no opinion ) and 42 % said they were more likely to be hardworking compared with 24 % who said less likely and 34 % seeing no difference or offering no opinion. More than half ( 55 % ) saw the rich as more likely to be greedy compared with 9 % who said less likely, and 36 % who took neither side.
When Americans are asked what has brought the biggest improvement to their lives in the past five decades, they name technology more than any other advancement.
Few Americans ( 12 % ) say there are other countries in the world “ that are better than the U.S. ” Three years ago, 38 % said the U.S. stood above all others, while 53 % said it was one of the greatest nations and 8 % thought some others were better than the U.S.
News about economic conditions was the top story for 14 % of Americans. More than four - in - ten ( 44 % ) followed economic news very closely. These stories accounted for 8 % of the newshole.
Majorities of Americans say it is likely Trump has done things that are unethical ( 72 % ) or illegal ( 64 % ) during his time in office or while he was campaigning for president.
As of January 2016, the top contributors to peacekeeping forces are Ethiopia ( 8,326), Bangladesh ( 8,274 ), India ( 7,799) and Pakistan ( 7,625 ) – making up 30 % of the total – followed by other developing and emerging nations, mostly in Africa and Asia. By contrast, European nations supply just 6 % of total personnel contributions.
The Pew Research Center ’s report earlier this month on partisan identification found that 51 % of Millennials ( 18 - 33 years old in 2014 ) identify with or lean toward the Democratic Party, while 35 % identify as Republicans or lean Republican. By contrast, 47 % of those in the Silent Generation ( ages 69 - 86 in 2014 ) say they are Republican or lean Republican ; 43 % affiliate with the Democratic Party or lean Democratic.
the 1.15 million refugees in Lebanon last year – nearly all of them fleeing the civil war in neighboring Syria – represent nearly 20 % of that country ’s population of 5.9 million. In second place was Jordan, where refugees – also nearly all from Syria – represent more than 8 % of the population.
Conservative Republicans are more doubtful than others about motives behind climate research findings. Conservative Republicans are particularly likely to think research findings from climate scientists are influenced by the desire of scientists to advance their own careers and by their personal political leanings. About half or more of conservative Republicans say each of these two factors influences research findings most of the time.
There also are distinctive patterns in marriage longevity by race and ethnicity. Some of these differences could be related to educational differences among adults with different racial or ethnic backgrounds. Asian women, who are among the most educated, are more likely than any other racial or ethnic group to have a long - term marriage. For Asian women who were married for the first time between 2006 and 2010, the chance that they may celebrate their 20 - year wedding anniversary is nearly 70 %. By contrast, about half of Hispanic and white women may see their
While 45 % of the population says that honest elections with the choice of at least two political parties are very important for Egypt ’s future, that number is down 11 percentage points from 2013.
Three - quarters say China, which finished third in the medal count, behind the United States and Russia, at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, will win the most medals this summer. Only 15 % think the U.S. will take home the most medals.
As of March 2012, 11.7 million unauthorized immigrants were living in the United States, according to a new preliminary Pew Research Center estimate based on U.S. government data. The estimated number of unauthorized immigrants peaked at 12.2 million in 2007 and fell to 11.3 million in 2009, breaking a rising trend that had held for decades.
Between 2011 and 2016, the number of Americans who read books on tablet computers has increased nearly fourfold ( from 4 % to 15 % ).
Worries about extremism are higher across the Western countries surveyed than they are in the Muslim countries surveyed. Overall, a median of 52 % across nine Western nations are very concerned about Islamic extremism. Across the 10 countries with Muslim populations of around half or more, the median who are very concerned is 42 %.
Today, a 57 % majority of Republicans and Republican leaners characterize national economic conditions as excellent ( 10 % ) or good ( 47 % ). Among Democrats, just 30 % say the same.
about half ( 51 % ) of conservative Republicans who said they see mostly one - sided news say this is OK
In 2013, a record - high 12 % of newlyweds married someone of a different race, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of census data. Looking beyond newlyweds, 6.3 % of all marriages were between spouses of different races in 2013, up from less than 1 % in 1970.
Though a 63 % majority of registered voters overall name treatment of racial and ethnic minorities as very important to their vote, it is not the top issue on the voters ’ agenda : Eight - in - ten or more rank the economy ( 84 % ) and terrorism ( 80 % ) as very important issues to their vote. Other issues that rank highly on voters ’ 2016 importance list include foreign policy ( 75 % very important ), health care ( 74 % ), gun policy ( 72 % )
There is no consensus on whether society has been too accepting of transgender people or not accepting enough. About four - in - ten adults ( 39 % ) say society has not gone far enough in accepting people who are transgender, while 32 % say society has gone too far and 27 % say it has been about right.
Half of the public also favors U.S. policies to maintain America ’s position as the only superpower, while 35 % say it would be acceptable if China, another country, or the European Union became as militarily powerful as the U.S.
26 % of adults living in households earning less than $ 30,000 a year are “ smartphone - dependent ” internet users
Asked to assess how effective various measures would be at preventing school shootings, 86 % of teens say that preventing people with mental illnesses from purchasing guns and that improving mental health screening and treatment would be effective, including majorities who say each of these proposals would be very effective. Roughly eight - in - ten teens ( 79 % ) say that having metal detectors in schools would be effective and 66 % say the same about banning assault - style weapons. By contrast, a much smaller share of teens ( 39 %
So far this fiscal year – from October 2015 to June 2016 – 718,430 immigrants have applied for naturalization, a 26 % increase over the same time period a year before, according to data released by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. By comparison, the number of naturalization applications increased by 19 % in fiscal 2012 over the previous year.
they are especially likely to have a negative evaluation of the president : Nearly all in this group ( 97 % ) say they disapprove of the way Trump is handling his job in office, including nine - in - ten who strongly disapprove. Among Democratic voters who are not bothered the presumptive nominee is an older white man, 85 % disapprove, including 72 % who do so strongly.
Americans generally express more worry than enthusiasm when asked about these automation technologies. Most prominently, Americans are roughly twice as likely to express worry ( 72 % ) than enthusiasm ( 33 % ) about a future in which robots and computers are capable of doing many jobs that are currently done by humans. They are also around three times as likely to express worry ( 67 % ) than enthusiasm ( 22 % ) about algorithms that can make hiring decisions without any human involvement. By comparison, public views towards driverless vehicles and robot caregivers exhibit more balance between worry
Concerns about Chinese cyberattacks have, on the other hand, risen to 55 % from 50 % five years ago.
Publics in the U.S. and Britain are the strongest supporters of the idea that use of military force is sometimes necessary, with 75 % of Americans and 70 % of those in Britain holding that view. In Spain, 62 % say use of force is sometimes necessary while Germans are evenly divided with half saying the use of force is sometimes necessary and half saying it is not.
About three - in - four Indians express confidence in Obama, up from 48 % in 2014.
just 38 % of registered voters who support Trump are very confident their vote will be accurately counted. Another 31 % say they are somewhat confident, while 30 % have little or no confidence their vote will be counted accurately.
Three - quarters of Americans agree that it is sometimes necessary to use military force to maintain order in the world ; this view is shared by seven - in - ten in Britain and narrower majorities in France and Spain ( 62 % each ).
While the elections dominated media coverage last week, the public continued to focus on news about the economy. Nearly four - in - ten ( 37 % ) say they followed news about the economy very closely. About a quarter ( 26 % ) say they followed news about the economy more closely than other major stories.
Currently, 45 % say they are following this story very closely, down from 60 % that first week and 50 % the following week. More than four - in - ten ( 45 % ) say they followed news about the condition of the economy very closely last week.
A median of 20 % say they use the photo - sharing application Instagram – which is also owned by Facebook – while 10 % or fewer report using Twitter or the messaging and photo - sharing app Snapchat. Just 4 % of adults in these countries say they use the Viber messaging app, and no more than 3 % in any country use the dating app Tinder.
Two - thirds of American adults also said scientists would offer life extension technologies before their impact was fully understood. Again, this wariness is matched and even exceeded in the human enhancement survey ; more than seven - in - ten adults said brain, blood and gene enhancements would be employed before their effects were fully understood.
In light of the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, roughly half ( 52 % ) believe the spread of infectious diseases between countries is a major threat and four - in - ten ( 40 % ) label it a minor threat.
The public is divided in opinions about the ultimate impact of Russian efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election : 48 % say these efforts did not benefit either Trump or Hillary Clinton, while 43 % say they benefited Trump. Very few Americans ( 4 % ) think Russian actions benefited Clinton.
In 2011, majorities of both Republicans ( 54 % ) and Democrats ( 55 % ) felt they were paying about their fair share of taxes. About four - in - ten in both parties said they were paying more than their fair share ( 39 % of Republicans, 37 % of Democrats ).
Roughly three - quarters ( 77 % ) report they would be at least somewhat comfortable sharing information with a public health official about the places they have recently visited. A smaller share – 49 % – say they would be similarly comfortable sharing location data from their cellphone
A median of 54 % believe that the rise of nontraditional parties has been good for their country. This includes majority endorsement of the Eurosceptic Podemos in Spain, Five Star Movement in Italy and UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) in the UK.
A 47 - nation 2007 Pew Global Attitudes survey found that, among the seven major world regions included in the study, support for free markets was lowest in Eastern Europe and Latin America. Across the six Eastern European countries surveyed — Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Poland, Russia, Slovakia and Ukraine — a median of 56 % agreed with the statement “ Most people are better off in a free market economy, even though some people are rich and some are poor. ” In contrast, a median of 69 % of Western Europeans
Overall, 62 % of Republicans say average Republicans in the country generally agree with Trump on most issues. However, three - in - ten say that average Republicans do not agree with Trump ’s positions on issues.
Building a professional resume is among the most prominent of these challenges : Some 17 % of Americans ( not including those who are retired and/or disabled ) indicate that it would not be easy to create a professional resume if they needed to do so. Another 21 % say that it would not be easy to highlight their employment skills using a personal website or social media profile. Roughly one - in - ten indicate that it would be difficult for them to go online to find lists of available jobs ( 12 % ) ; fill out a job application online (
Three - quarters ( 76 % ) of Americans say the government is doing very ( 27 % ) or fairly ( 49 % ) well in reducing the threat of terrorism.
As recently as September, just over half of Romney voters ( 52 % ) said their main motivation was their opposition to Obama. By contrast, registered voters who favor Obama have consistently described their vote as a vote for the president. Currently, 73 % of Obama ’s supporters say they are voting for the president, while just 24 % are voting against Romney. Consistent with this, as many Romney as Obama voters express strong support for their candidate.
Survey respondents who said they believe in God with no doubts also disagreed most strongly ( 61 % ) with the statement “ In my opinion, life does not serve any purpose. ”
Two - thirds of U.S. adults ( 67 % ) say the government is not doing enough to reduce the effects of global climate change. Only about one - in - five Americans ( 19 % ) say government officials are doing “ about the right amount ” to deal with climate change, with another 13 % saying “ too much ” is being done.
Overall, about six - in - ten U.S. adults ( 62 % ) say it ’s very or somewhat acceptable for professional athletes to speak out publicly about political issues, while 35 % say this is not too or not at all acceptable.
Fully 71 % of Democratic voters who describe themselves as “ angry ” at government say they are more enthusiastic about voting this year, compared with 45 % of those who are “ frustrated ” or “ basically content ” with government.
Gallup also has found that an increasing share of Americans say doctor - assisted suicide, in general, is morally acceptable. In 2015, 56 % say it is morally OK, up from 45 % two years prior.
While most ( 65 % ) either viewed him warmly or very warmly, about a third ( 35 % ) felt either cold or neutral toward him. About one - in - five ( 19 % ) of those who ended up voting for Trump had very cold feelings for him at that time.
The gender gap in 2008 – the seven - point difference between women and men in support for the Democratic candidate – was comparable to the gap in most elections since 1980.
About six - in - ten adults ( 58 % ) say the government shutdown is a “ very serious problem ” for the country today, while 22 % view it as a somewhat serious problem ; just two - in - ten say that it is not too ( 13 % ) or not at all ( 7 % ) serious a problem for the country
Women make up 47 % of the U.S. labor force, up from 30 % in 1950 – but growth has stagnated. The share of women in the labor force generally grew throughout the second half of the 20th century, but it has since leveled off. Projections from the Bureau of Labor Statistics indicate that in the coming decades women will continue to make up slightly less than half of the labor force.
Republicans ( 66 % ) continue to be less likely than independents ( 74 % ) or Democrats ( 80 % ) to support a path to legal status for those in the U.S. illegally. However, Republican support for finding a way to allow undocumented immigrants to stay in the U.S. if they meet certain requirements has increased 10 percentage points since May, from 56 % to 66 %. There has been virtually no change in opinion among Democrats or independents.
For the public, however, the rising price of gas, which emerged as a prominent issue in the campaign, was the top news story. More than six - in - ten ( 63 % ) say they followed news about gas prices very closely and 30 % cited it as the story they followed most closely last week.
Among U.S adults with public Twitter accounts, 19 % follow President Donald Trump, while 26 % follow former President Barack Obama. Overall, 21 % follow at least one member of Congress, with 17 % following a Democratic legislator and 8 % following a Republican member.
A quarter ( 25 % ) says the economy will be worse off a year from now, up from just 8 % in September and the highest level since June 2011. Overall, 37 % expect the economy to be better off next year, down from 43 % in September.
Millennials, whom we define as ages 23 to 38 in 2019, numbered 72.1 million, and Boomers ( ages 55 to 73 ) numbered 71.6 million. Generation X ( ages 39 to 54 ) numbered 65.2 million and is projected to pass the Boomers in population by 2028.
The nation ’s unauthorized immigrant population grew rapidly between 1990 and 2007, reaching a peak of 12.2 million. Since then, the population declined to 10.5 million in 2017.
The survey finds that most Republicans and Republican leaners favor Trump listening more to members of the party with experience in government. Nearly six - in - ten ( 58 % ) say Trump should listen more to Republicans who have experience working in government, while 34 % say he should listen less.
About three - quarters ( 74 % ) of Turkish Muslims have an unfavorable view of the extremist group, while just 34 % have an unfavorable view.
In 1960, half ( 49 % ) of impoverished Americans lived in the South. By 2010, that share had dropped to 41 %.
Generally, those who are most concerned about Zika include older adults, especially older women, and those who report “ fair ” or “ poor ” health status. For instance, 44 % of women ages 50 and older think Zika is a major threat to the U.S. population as a whole, compared with 33 % of older men. By contrast, 23 % of adults under age 50 consider Zika a major threat to the population. Additionally, 42 % of those who report being in “ fair ” or “
Parents with children younger than 18 in the household were no more or less likely than non - parents to express support for allowing teachers to carry guns in schools : 46 % of parents and 44 % of non - parents said they would favor it. Instead, opinions divided primarily along party lines and by gun ownership status, with Republicans and those who own guns particularly likely to say they would support allowing teachers to carry guns in schools. About seven - in - ten Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 69 % ) said they would favor
In addition, frequently angry and frustrated officers are roughly twice as likely as those who are not frequently angry or frustrated to agree that police have reason to be distrustful of most citizens ( 46 % vs. 21 % ). About eight - in - ten angry and frustrated officers ( 77 % ) agree that they have become more callous toward people since taking the job. This compares with 42 % of officers who say they are not frequently angry or frustrated.
Only tiny minorities say they are “ very confident ” that the records maintained by these organizations will remain private and secure.
Two - thirds of Twitter news users ( 67 % ) regularly see at least six of the 11 news topics we asked about, compared with 57 % of Facebook news users.
Across the board, more respondents said communication skills were most important, followed by reading, math, teamwork, writing and logic. Science fell somewhere in the middle, with more than half of Americans saying it was important.
About six - in - ten ( 59 % ) say they expect a bill to pass this year, while 29 % predict a bill will not pass. This is little changed from mid - December, when 61 % expected a bill to pass and 34 % said a bill would not pass. Democrats are notably more likely to predict passage – 68 % say health care legislative will pass – than are independents ( 58 % ) or Republicans ( 50 % ).
About two - thirds of Black ( 65 % ) and Hispanic voters ( 65 % ) said it is at least somewhat important to them to hear from the Trump and Biden campaigns.
About a quarter of the public ( 24 % ) say they very closed followed news about the aftermath of the bombing and shooting attack in Norway that killed more than 70 people.
Just 34 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents say the GOP is doing a good job in representing their views on illegal immigration, while 59 % say it is not doing a good job. Democrats give their party more positive evaluations in dealing with this issue. About half ( 51 % ) of Democrats and Democratic leaners say the party is doing a good job in representing their views on illegal immigration, while 43 % disagree.
More than half of Americans ( 56 % ) say that mothers are doing a worse job today than mothers did 20 or 30 years ago. By comparison, somewhat fewer people ( 47 % ) say fathers are doing a worse job than fathers did 20 or 30 years ago.
When it comes to job opportunities, 57 % say that jobs are difficult to find in their community, while 36 % say that there are plenty of jobs available.
About half ( 52 % ) of moderate and liberal Republicans have heard nothing at all about the caucus, compared with just 36 % of conservative Republicans. Among Democrats, 47 % of conservatives and moderates, compared with 30 % of liberals, have heard nothing at all about the caucus.
Only 3 % of Chinese think their economy is hurting other countries.
About a quarter of the public ( 24 % ) says they followed reports about the condition of the economy more closely than other top stories last week, while 21 % followed news about the swine flu most closely.
The number of births to Muslim women is projected to exceed births to Christian women by 2030, with the disparity growing to 6 million by 2055.
In the past 10 years, the share of U.S. adults living without a spouse or partner has increased. This rise in “ unpartnered ” Americans, from 39 % in 2007 to 42 % today, has been most pronounced among young adults : Roughly six - in - ten adults younger than 35 are now living without a spouse or partner.
In all 14 countries surveyed, trusters are more likely than distrusters to have a favorable view of the EU and UN. Differences in views of the EU appear even in nonmember countries. In Japan, for example, 54 % of trusters have a favorable view of the EU, compared with 35 % of distrusters. And when it comes to the UN, gaps between trusters and distrusters are sometimes stark : In Germany, for instance, seven - in - ten trusters have positive views of the organization,
Nearly eight - in - ten ( 78 % ) Americans with household incomes under $ 30,000 annually say that jobs are difficult to find in their area, up 17 percentage points from the 61 % recorded last November. By comparison, among Americans with incomes of $ 75,000 or more fewer than half ( 46 % ) say jobs are difficult to find, up only seven points since last November.
Among all U.S. Muslims, fully 42 % say they pray all five salah daily, while 17 % pray at least some of the salah every day. A quarter say they pray less often, and just 15 % say they never pray.
Overall, a median of 64 % across 32 emerging and developing nations say the internet is a good influence on education, with at least half also seeing it as a good influence on personal relationships ( 53 % ) and the economy ( 52 % ). People are more mixed on the internet ’s effect on politics, with similar proportions saying that the influence is good ( 36 % ) as say it is bad ( 30 % ). Publics in emerging and developing nations are more convinced that the internet is having a negative effect on morality
While 21 % of Democrats name Germany as one of America ’s top two international partners, only 5 % of Republicans feel this way. Democrats also take a more positive view of Germany ’s role in world affairs – 52 % of Democrats say Germany does the right amount to help solve global problems, compared with 31 % of GOP supporters and 37 % of independents.
Broadband use at home has risen fairly consistently since the Pew Internet Project began to measure it in 2000, but growth rate has slowed somewhat in the general population.
In Denver, Hispanics ( 19 % of the city ’s population ) follow crime news very closely at nearly twice the rate of whites, 49 % versus 26 %. And seven - in - ten Hispanics in Denver often discuss crime news, compared with 49 % of whites. In Macon, blacks ( 41 % of the city ’s residents ) differ from whites in the amount of attention they devote to crime news to nearly the same degree. About six - in -
Crime, however, is less of an issue in Russia than in previous years, with only 39 % saying it is a very serious problem.
Among Americans, 36 % choose the United Kingdom as the most or second - most important foreign policy partner. Roughly two - in - ten say China ( 23 % ) and Canada ( 20 % ) are top partners, but Germany is chosen by only 13 % as the most or second - most important partner, in between Israel at 15 % and Mexico at 12 %.
In the first nine months of the year, there have been 541 newspaper stories written about the 2016 presidential campaign. That is double the number of stories ( 271 ) the 2012 campaign generated during the same time period in 2010.
More than nine - in - ten ( 95 % ) say the SDF has done a good job responding to the crisis, including 62 % who say the force has done a very good job.
Overall, mothers and fathers who use Facebook are equally likely to say they ever share, post, or comment on Facebook. However, mothers are more likely to do this with greater frequency. Some 76 % of mothers on Facebook say they do so “ frequently ” or “ sometimes, ” compared with 61 % of fathers who say the same.
As President Obama and his staff weigh their difficult choices in the Afghanistan theater, the public also appears to be finding it difficult to judge the merits of different options for expanding, maintaining or contracting the U.S. effort on that front. A Pew Research Center survey taken in mid - September found a significant drop in the proportion of the public in favor of keeping U.S. troops in Afghanistan until the situation there is stable. Only half ( 50 % ) now choose that option, while 43 % favor removing troops as soon as possible.
In 1980, only 13 % of married women earned more than or about as much as their husbands. By 2000, the share had risen to 25 %. Today, 31 % of women who are married or cohabiting are contributing at least half of the couple ’s total earnings ( including 28 % who earn more than their husband or partner and 3 % who earn about the same amount ).
Barack Obama has been far and away the most visible of the presidential candidates over the past week – 70 % say they have heard more about him in the news than the other candidates, compared with 15 % who cite Hillary Clinton and just 3 % who say they have heard the most about John McCain.
Only two - in - ten ( 20 % ) would favor mandatory voting, while nearly eight - in - ten ( 78 % ) says citizens should be able to decide for themselves whether or not to vote in national elections.
In the U.S., only about 20 % of K-12 students studied a foreign language in school, according to a 2017 report from the American Councils for International Education. This includes 14 % who studied Spanish, 2 % who learned French and 1 % who were taking German courses.
Two - thirds ( 67 % ) describe the presidential campaign as interesting. About half ( 48 % ) say the campaign is informative.
Among all social media users, people who changed their views on an issue are much more likely than those who did n’t to say such sites are important when it comes to getting involved with political or social issues important to them ( 63 % vs. 35 % ) or finding others who share their views about important issues ( 67 % vs. 38 % ). Just over half whose views changed ( 56 % ) say social media is personally important in providing a venue to express their political opinions, compared with a third of social
Both Republicans and Democrats are about as likely to say that talking about politics with people whom they disagree with is “ stressful and frustrating ” as say such conversations are “ interesting and informative. ”
The U.S., Japan and France are the first, third and fifth largest economies in the world. Japan and the United States are the two principal protagonists in efforts to negotiate the Trans - Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) among a dozen countries from Asia, North America and South America that border on the Pacific Ocean. France and the United States are negotiating the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership ( TTIP ) along with 27 other European Union members.
among racial and ethnic groups, the flattest employment - to - population ratio has been among whites — fluctuating between 59 % and 60 % since late 2009.
About six - in - ten ( 59 % ) Republican and Republican leaning voters say they have an excellent or good impression of their party ’s presidential candidates, which is little changed from May of this year ( 57 % ). In August 2011, 49 % of Republican voters viewed the GOP presidential field positively ; in October 2007, when 64 % rated the field as either excellent or good.
Barely a year after opposition candidate Henrique Capriles fell short in his effort to win the presidency from Maduro by less than one percent, most Venezuelans ( 52 % ) say the opposition has a bad influence on the country ’s direction – nearly on par with Maduro ’s negative rating.
A majority of U.S. adults say it is at least somewhat likely that jobs such as fast food workers ( 77 % ) and insurance claims processors ( 65 % ) will be mostly performed by machines in their lifetime, while around half expect that the same will be true of jobs such as software engineers and legal clerks.
About three - quarters of Americans ( 73 % ) say science has, on balance, had a mostly positive effect on society
While 58 % of Americans have a positive opinion of the UN, support varies considerably by political party. A strong majority of Democrats ( 72 % ) in the U.S. have a favorable view of the international body, while a smaller 60 % - majority of independents agree. Meanwhile, support among Republicans trails at 41 % and has dropped ten percentage points since 2011.
Separately, 15 % of teens say Instagram is the platform they use “ most often. ” That ’s lower than the shares who say the same about Snapchat ( 35 % ) and YouTube ( 32 % ).
In 2010, 28 % of Indian American worked in science and engineering fields ; according to the 2013 American Community Survey, more than two - thirds ( 67.3 % ) of Indian Americans 16 and older were in management, business, science and arts occupations.
Less than one - third of Americans polled in the new survey ( 30 % ) say their personal religious beliefs conflict with science, while fully two - thirds ( 68 % ) say there is no conflict between their own beliefs and science.
A median of 68 % rate it a very big problem in Latin America, while 60 % say the same in the Middle East. A median of 59 % think inequality is a very big problem in Europe.
Muslims generally are no less supportive of keeping religion separate from government policy than are people in other countries. Indeed, in predominantly Muslim countries with secular traditions, such as Turkey, Senegal and Mali, roughly seven - in - ten respondents completely agreed that religion should be kept separate from government policy. In the U.S., significantly fewer ( 55 % ) expressed that view.
a majority of parents ( 73 % ) believe it is acceptable for children to have their own phone only after they have reached at least the age of 12
Hispanics take a sharply different view. Among them, the vast majority—75 %—disapprove of the Arizona law while 21 % say they approve. This is relatively unchanged from 2010, when a Pew Hispanic Center survey revealed that 79 % of Hispanics said they disapproved of the Arizona law.
In the 111 countries included in this study, 783 million residents were middle income in 2011, compared with 398 million in 2001. Thus, the middle - income population—those living on $10-20 per day—nearly doubled, increasing by 386 million in the first decade of the new century. The increase in the middle - income population from 2001 to 2011 was more than twice that for the upper - middle category of $ 20-50 per day ( 175 million ), and more than four times the increase in the number of high - income
About four - in - ten ( 43 % ) say that Republicans in the Senate will be at least somewhat fair and reasonable during the trial, with just 17 % saying they are very confident GOP senators will do this.
In the 2018 general election, around six - in - ten U.S. poll workers ( 58 % ) were ages 61 and older, including roughly a quarter ( 27 % ) who were over 70
While both Republicans and Democrats agree that the UK is their most important partner, Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are keener on Israel as a partner ( 26 % ) than Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 9 % ).
Currently, 39 % say they followed news about the leak very closely last week, not much different from the 42 % that said this one week earlier. Still, that is down sharply from 59 % in the July 22 - 25 survey. More than four - in - ten ( 44 % ) say this was the story they followed most closely last week. The oil leak accounted for 3 % of the coverage measured by PEJ, down from 11 % one week earlier.
Global publics oppose some of Trump ’s major policies. We tested five of Trump ’s major national security and foreign policy proposals – withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal, placing tighter restrictions on people entering the U.S. from certain majority - Muslim nations, pulling out of international climate change agreements, withdrawing from trade deals and building a wall on the Mexican border – and with a few exceptions, they meet with broad disapproval around the world.
About half of Americans ( 51 % ) say reducing the deficit is more important than keeping military spending at current levels, while 40 % say deficit reduction is more important.
Currently, just 11 % rate current economic conditions as excellent or good. Nearly half ( 46 % ) say conditions are only fair while about the same percentage ( 43 % ) rate them as poor.
Among those with a postgraduate degree, 89 % say they have a great deal or fair amount of confidence in scientists and 93 % have a great deal or fair amount of confidence in medical scientists to act in the best interests of the public
Events in Iraq were by far the most closely followed news story of the week. One - in - four Americans ( 24 % ) said this was the story they followed more closely than any other, greater than twice the number citing any other story listed.
Roughly half of adults ( 49 % ) said gene editing would be less acceptable to them if the effects “ changed the genetic makeup of the whole population, ” versus just 17 % who said it would be more acceptable.
Among Democrats, just 13 % of liberals say the U.S. stands above other nations, compared with 23 % of moderate and conservative Democrats. And nearly three - in - ten liberal Democrats ( 29 % ) say there are other countries better than the U.S. ; only 13 % of conservative and moderate Democrats say the same.
Overall, public opinion of Pope Francis is now roughly at the same level as when he assumed the papacy in 2013, but still below higher points in 2015 and 2017, when 70 % of U.S. adults said they had a “ very ” or “ mostly ” favorable view of the pontiff.
Africa is projected to overtake Asia in births by 2060. Half of babies born worldwide are expected to be born in Africa by 2100, up from three - in - ten today.
Despite slippage in how well the public thinks their president is handling key foreign policies, a majority of Russians say their country plays a more important role on the world stage than it did 10 years ago. Putin ’s 2015 decision to intervene in the Syrian conflict was a momentous change in Russia ’s foreign policy. Today, the prevailing view among Russians is that their country should stay the course in Syria, keeping Russia ’s military involvement at its current level ( 46 % ). Among those who would like to see a change
Just 25 % of Americans view Congress favorably, while 69 % say they have an unfavorable opinion.
Among all Republicans and Republican - leaning independents, 53 % of those who agree with the Tea Party favor lawmakers standing by their principles even if it means the government goes into default. Just 24 % of Republicans and GOP leaners who do not agree with the Tea Party express this view.
Over the last three years, there also has been an uptick in the share saying strengthening the U.S. military should be a top priority. In 2013, 41 % said a stronger military was a top priority ; in 2015, 52 % said this. Views on the importance of a stronger military have changed little since last year : 49 % call it a top priority in the current survey.
Among those younger than 30, about as many approve ( 50 % ) as disapprove ( 47 % ) of the health care law. Among older age groups, more disapprove than approve.
About two - thirds of Americans ( 64 % ) say social media have a mostly negative effect on the way things are going in the country today, according to a Pew Research Center survey of U.S. adults conducted July 13 - 19, 2020. Just one - in - ten Americans say social media sites have a mostly positive effect on the way things are going, and one - quarter say these platforms have a neither positive nor negative effect.
Earlier this year, a Pew Research Center analysis of State Department data found a sharp decline in the number of refugees who have entered the U.S. so far in fiscal year 2018 compared with prior years. This is partly due to an admissions cap the Trump administration placed on refugee resettlements, which now limits the number who may enter the U.S. to 45,000, the smallest total since Congress created the current refugee program in 1980.
Nearly half of Americans ( 49 % ) say U.S. involvement in the global economy is a bad thing because it lowers wages and costs jobs ; fewer ( 44 % ) see this as a good thing because it provides the U.S. with new markets and opportunities for growth.
Most of the public says learning that a friend voted for Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton would not have any effect on their friendships. About one - in - five ( 19 % ) say that knowing a friend had voted for Trump would put a strain on their friendship ; 7 % say knowing a friend had voted for Clinton would strain their friendship.
Seniors 65 and older, however, think the private marketplace is the most effective way to increase reliance on renewable energy sources by a 50%-41 % margin.
In the current survey, a larger majority of Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 75 % ) than Republicans and Republican leaners ( 67 % ) say cyberattacks from other countries are a major threat to the U.S. In April 2016, partisan views were the reverse : 78 % of Republicans viewed cyberattacks as a major threat compared with 68 % of Democrats.
In Pew ’s latest national survey, conducted Feb. 20 - 24 among 1,508 adults, a 54 % majority said the U.S. made the wrong decision in using military force in Iraq, while 38 % said it was the right decision. Last March, 49 % said the decision to got to war was wrong, while 43 % said it was right.
50 % of U.S. adults said made - up news and information was a very big problem in the country today
About two - thirds ( 68 % ) of adults say vaccinations should be required and 30 % say parents should be able to decide
Among all registered voters, Obama approval and opinion of the Affordable Care Act appear about equally influential in shaping voter opinion, and are somewhat more important than economic attitudes among all voters.
In December 2005, 82 % of conservative Republicans approved of Bush while 65 % said they strongly approved.
The presidential campaign continued to dominate national news coverage last week, and the public remained highly engaged in the ongoing contest. Nearly 40 % of the national newshole was devoted to the campaign, and 36 % of the public listed the campaign as the single news story they were following more closely than any other.
The new survey finds that 41 % of the public says the United States plays a less important and powerful role as a world leader today than it did 10 years ago – the highest percentage ever in a Pew Research survey.
About half of Americans ( 49 % ) said it was more important to control gun ownership while 42 % said it was more important to protect the right of Americans to own guns.
With Trump likely to face questions on how he plans to separate himself from his business interests as president, 57 % of the public says they are either very ( 33 % ) or somewhat ( 24 % ) concerned that his relationships with organizations, businesses or foreign governments conflict with his ability to serve the country ’s best interests. However, public concern is lower than it was in the immediate aftermath of the election : In December, 65 % said they were at least somewhat concerned about Trump ’s ability to serve the country ’s best interests.
while a majority of Clinton voters ( 58 % ) say they are “ willing to give Trump a chance and see how he governs as president, ” nearly four - in - ten ( 39 % ) say they can n’t see themselves giving Trump a chance “ because of the kind of person he has shown himself to be. ”
The number of babies born to unauthorized immigrant parents represented about 6 % of the 4.0 million total births in the U.S. in 2016, compared with 9 % of all births in 2007.
The most common types of fireworks - related injuries this time last year were heat burns ( 38 % ), followed by bruises and abrasions ( 19 % ) and cuts ( 15 % ).
Today, Bush ’s rating among evangelicals is 57 %, compared with 37 % among the public overall.
As of 2015, some 83 million people worked in jobs that require an average or above average level of preparation, up from 49 million in 1980 – a 68 % increase. This was more than double the 31 % rise in employment in positions requiring a below average level of job preparation.
more Americans now see the U.S. as the world ’s leading economic power than at any time over the past 12 years. In fact, Americans now see the U.S. as more of an economic powerhouse than China by roughly two - to - one ( 59 % vs. 30 % ).
Ratings for U.S. President Donald Trump have been low in these nations throughout his presidency, and that trend continues this year.
fully 77 % of all adults think it is generally OK for people to use their cellphones while walking down the street and 75 % believe it is OK for others to use phones on public transit. But only 38 % think it is generally OK for others to use cellphones at restaurants and just 5 % think it is generally OK to use a cellphone at a meeting.
a majority of Americans ( 61 % ) say it is very important that the tone of debate among political leaders is respectful. Just 25 % say the following statement – “ The tone of debate among political leaders is respectful ” – describes the country very ( 6 % ) or somewhat well ( 19 % ).
In the days before Barack Obama and George W. Bush took the oath of office, majorities also said it was too early to tell how successful their presidencies would be. But in both cases, those that did offer predictions were more likely to say each would be successful than unsuccessful. For example, in 2009 30 % said Obama would be successful while just 4 % predicted he would be unsuccessful ; 65 % said it was too early to tell.
By more than two - to - one ( 65 % to 29 % ), Republican and Republican - leaning registered voters say it is more important that a candidate have new ideas than “ experience and a proven record. ” Just five months ago, GOP voters valued experience and a proven record over new ideas, 57 % to 36 %. Opinion among Democratic voters continues to be more evenly divided : 50 % say it is more important for a candidate to have experience and a proven record, while 42 % view new
