’t plan to get married . Another 16 % say it ’s acceptable , but only if the couple plans to marry , and 14 % say it ’s never acceptable for an unmarried couple to live together . Younger adults are more likely than their older counterparts to find it acceptable for an unmarried couple to live together . About eight - in - ten adults younger than age 30 ( 78 % ) say that cohabitation is acceptable even if the couple does n’t plan to marry , compared with 71 % of those ages 30 to 49 , 65 % of those 50 to 64 and 63
increase government funding of science , enhance the role of scientists in policy debates or lead to increased efforts to combat global climate change . Overall , 44
s two largest economies
. Similarly , about half of Americans ( 53 % ) said their state and local governments get the facts right about COVID-19 all or most of the time . Black Americans are more likely than other adults to turn to local news organizations and to trust them to get the facts right about COVID-19 . This aligns with two other , broader trends : Black Americans are more closely following COVID-19 news topics , and they are
, relatively few people use their phones for other career and commerce activities , like looking for or applying for jobs . Information - seeking activities are also less popular : Only around a third of mobile phone owners say they have used their mobile device over the past year to get news and information about politics , health or prices and products . Social activities and sending and receiving money are some of the most common mobile phone - based activities because they can be done both from a basic
the public ’s impressions of the national media may be influenced more by their opinions of cable news outlets than their views of other news sources
very close attention to the nomination of Michael Mukasey to be the next attorney general — basically unchanged from September when George Bush announced Mukasey as his choice . Democrats paid closer attention than Republicans to this story . These findings are based on the most recent installment of the weekly News Interest Index , an ongoing project of the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press . The index , building on the Center ’s longstanding research into public attentiveness to
people with advanced degrees were even more likely than bachelor ’s and associate ’s degree holders to say their education was worth the investment — 96 % , compared with 89 % and 76 % , respectively .
in Trump ’s leadership on the global stage . A median of 77 % in Latin America said in the 2017 survey that they have no confidence in the U.S. president to do the right thing regarding world
. Just 30 % of Democrats favor the use of overwhelming force to defeat terrorism ; 29 % said this last March . While the public has grown more supportive of assertive action against ISIS , many Americans continue to express trepidation about the U.S. becoming too deeply involved in Iraq and Syria . While 49 % say their bigger worry about U.S. military action is that it will not go far enough in stopping Islamic militants , nearly as many ( 46 % ) say their
, opinions are sharply divided along religious lines , with 86 % of Sunnis and 73 % of Christians giving the U.N. a favorable rating , compared with only 19 % of Shia Muslims . Most Egyptians ( 56 % ) express a positive opinion . However , views in Jordan , Israel and the Palestinian territories tend to be negative . Positive ratings for the U.N. have become much more common since 2007 in both Egypt ( +12 percentage points ) and Jordan ( +12 percentage points ) . In no country , however , have ratings improved as much as in the United States . Two years
by 2025 . As people across the region get online , new opportunities emerge to use the internet for education , for business or to communicate with their social networks . Sub - Saharan Africans are far - and - away most likely to use the internet for this last purpose : staying in touch with their family and friends . More than eight - in - ten internet users say they have used the internet for this purpose over the past year . While less common than keeping in touch with the people in their lives ,
. Views are less positive among those earning less than $ 75,000 , with about as many rating business corporations
that would otherwise be too small to report on . This might sound like it
three - quarters of Latinos , no matter where they are from , speak Spanish at home . Even so , the share that does so at home is declining at the same time that immigration from Mexico has slowed substantially and U.S. births have become the driver of Hispanic population growth . In fact , the share of Latinos who speak only English at home is rising
voters expected Obama to win by a 51%-29 % margin . The latest national survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , conducted Oct. 12 - 14 , 2012 , among 1,006 adults , including 857 registered voters , finds
- in - ten or more Republicans ( 65 % ) , Democrats ( 72 % ) and independents ( 62 % ) say it will ultimately be successful . Slightly more now say their greater concern about U.S. military action in Iraq and Syria is that the U.S. will not go far enough in stopping the militants ( 50 % ) than go too far getting involved in the situation ( 42 % ) . However , these views have shown little change from July , when 48 % were more concerned about
. The College Board figures exclude whatever students and their families pay from their own resources . But according to   2009   data   from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ,   the United States ranked fifth among 31 major countries studied in terms of reliance on households for funding higher education : 45.3 % of total expenditures , trailing Chile , the United Kingdom , Japan and South Korea . ( Although three countries — Denmark , Finland and Germany — did n’t separate households from other private - sector funding sources , their total private - funding percentages were well below the U.S. ) On average , public sources accounted for
18 to 24 are substantially more likely than those ages 25 to 29 to say they use Snapchat ( 73 % vs. 47 % ) and Instagram ( 75 % vs. 57 % ) . By comparison , age differences are less pronounced for Facebook . Facebook use is relatively common across a range of age groups , with 68 % of those ages 50 to 64 and nearly half of those 65 and older saying they use the site . Other demographic patterns related to social media
the difficulty many students have judging the quality of online information ; the general level of literacy of today ’s students ; increasing distractions pulling at students and poor time management skills ; students ’ potentially diminished critical thinking capacity ; and the ease with which today ’s students can borrow from the work of others . These teachers report that students rely mainly on search engines to conduct research , in lieu of other resources such as online databases , the news sites of respected news organizations ,
in October , including some channels that mentioned QAnon the most
% say their opinion of Palin
a market economy ;
and Spanish , and the survey included 1,000 cell phone interviews . ( More information is availabe in the Methodology section . ) In this chart , the dips in tech ownership registered in the September 2010 survey are mostly a result of the fact that Spanish interviews were added to the survey . Most of the Pew Internet surveys before 2010 were only conducted in English . The Project has added Spanish to this survey and that knocked down the overall tech - ownership numbers in some instances because respondents who wanted to be interviewed in Spanish were somewhat less likely than others to be tech non - users .
higher pay gaps among men and women ages 30 to 34 , according to analyses of 16 countries conducted by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development . OECD theorizes that this link may be   driven by the fact that women are more likely than men to actually use their parental leave , and that time out of
and believes in the fairness of the nation ’s economic system . And a large majority of Core Conservatives ( 68 % ) express a positive view of U.
of women and 38 % of men ages 18 to 24 were enrolled in college , a 6 -
as the massive scale of the spill became clear and repeated efforts to stem the flow of oil failed . The story dominated the public ’s interest for weeks . By mid - July , BP was able to put a temporary cap in place . At that point , 48 % said they were hearing a mix of good and bad news about the spill , 31 % said they were hearing mostly bad news and 18 % said they were hearing mostly good news . Two
’s ability to handle the situation with North Korea ; 13 % not too confident and 46 % are not at all confident in Trump in dealing with North Korea . Since earlier this year , approval ratings for the congressional leaders of both parties have fallen – largely because fewer Republicans and Democrats are expressing positive views of their own parties ’ leaders . In February , 34 % of Americans , including 68 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents , said they approved of the way GO
ing and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion
was bookended by two very unpopular Republican presidents . Major elements of George W. Bush ’s foreign policies met with widespread opposition in the region , and by the time he left office , his ratings
- thirds ( 67 % ) think that the Social Security program will run short of money in the future . Yet even among supporters of private retirement accounts , the proposal ’s major appeal is not that it will make the program more financially secure . More than half of the supporters of private accounts ( 52 % ) say they favor the idea mainly because private accounts will give individuals greater control ; just 20 % support private accounts because they will make Social Security more financially stable .
. Roman Catholic Church teaching
that Turkey should allow
students basic academic skills and encourage discipline . By comparison , in all five of the emerging economies included in the survey , fewer than half
owners in several sectors of the U.S. economy . But based on revenue , those businesses are on average considerably smaller than white- or male - owned firms , according to a Pew Research Center   analysis of recently released data from the U.S. Census Bureau . Overall , men owned more than half of the nation ’s 27.6 million firms in 2012 , according to preliminary results from the Survey of Business Owners ,   and women owned more than 9.9 million businesses , about 36 %   of the total . The remaining
people follow this story because they have an ongoing interest in news about Simpson . Just 3 % believe that people follow the story because they sympathize with the former football star . Blacks and whites are largely in agreement on this question : 66 % of whites and 63 % of blacks say most people follow the Simpson story because they want to see him finally get convicted . The news media receives divided marks for its coverage of the Simpson story
– remain highly engaged in the election . Third , declining engagement in a key Republican subgroup – moderate Republicans – at least partially offsets falling interest among the young . While most measures of voter engagement remain fairly high in 2012 , overall interest and commitment to voting is down slightly when compared with the highly - charged 2008 election campaign . The share of registered voters who score high ( three out of four ) on a scale of four questions about interest in the campaign and intention to vote has slipped from 86 % to 80 % overall . This slippage is particularly steep among voters under 30 ; just 61 % are highly
% think restricting access to guns would lead to more mass shooting
empty
than Muslim men in most regions of the world , according to Pew Research Center ’s comprehensive new study on educational attainment among the world ’s major religious groups . The study looked at changes in educational attainment across three recent generations ,
( U.S. citizen adults ) that Hispanics comprise . It
. In recent months , Taliban fighters have terrorized much of the once
. Older adults , however ,
with the statement “ the U.
with the 58 % of Americans who report owning this kind of device . But as with internet access , the people buying these phones are young and educated , so the movement toward greater smartphone adoption is likely
the case among people who are most concerned about the spread of nuclear weapons . But when it comes to AIDS and the gap between rich and poor , many who see these as important threats look to their own countries to provide solutions . Most people in the survey , conducted in 46 countries and the Palestinian territories , have a favorable view of the United Nations . Negative views of the U.N. are most prevalent in the Middle East . Large majorities in both the Palestinian territories ( 69 % ) and Israel ( 58 % ) express unfavorable opinions of the world body . U.S. opinion of the
as very important than are people 50 and
than half ( 45 % ) of Latino Republican voters say the Republican Party has more concern for Latinos , while 40 % say there is no difference between the
are more likely to say being a working parent makes it harder for them to be a good parent ( 57 % vs. 44 % of part - time working moms ) . There are n’t enough part - time working fathers with children younger than 18 in the household in the sample to analyze separately . When asked about some specific challenges they may have faced at work because they were balancing work and parenting responsibilities , about half of working mothers say they
- up . Nevertheless , the Japanese are divided on the how things in general are going in the country : 47 % are satisfied and 45 % are dissatisfied . Satisfaction is up significantly from 34 % in 2014 . And , notably , contentment with the country ’s direction today is higher than at any time since the Pew Research Center first asked the question in 2002 . Those with more than a secondary school education ( 57 % ) are more likely to say things are going well
is more common among men , whites and those who live in rural
even higher than it was 2010 or 2006 . Fully 68 % of registered voters say they do not want to see most members of Congress reelected – 14 points higher than in 2010 and 19 points higher than in 2006 . And roughly a third ( 35 % ) say they do not want their own representative reelected , compared with 32 % four years ago and 26 % eight years ago . Yet unlike in those elections , when a single party controlled both the House and Senate , anti
of social networking sites based on race and ethnicity , household income , education level , or whether the internet user lives in an urban , suburban , or rural environment . Looking more closely at gender differences , women have been significantly more
a majority ( 55 % ) of white Democratic and Democratic - leaning registered voters identified themselves as liberal , an increase of 27 percentage points since 2000 . Among white Democrats , 19 % called themselves very liberal in 2019 , compared with 6 % in 2000 . By contrast , more black Democratic voters continue to characterize their views as moderate rather than liberal . In 2019 , 43 % of black Democrats called themselves moderate , 29 % called themselves liberal and 25 % called themselves conservative . Since 2000 , the share of black Democrats who describe their political views as liberal has changed little , while
say being a good parent
. Latinos have favored the Democratic Party over the Republican Party in every presidential
the Democratic Party cares about the middle class , compared with 16 % of Democrats who say this about the GOP . Many Democrats – especially conservative and moderate Democrats – fault their party for too often viewing government as the only way to solve problems . Overall , 44 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say
- reader , and none said that their one device was a tablet computer . As tablet computers and e - readers have grown in popularity , the proportion of Americans who own four or more computing devices has increased . In May 2010 , just 4 % of Americans owned four or five of the devices we measured ; by April 2012 , that figure had risen to 20 % of all Americans . This accumulation of devices is mainly being driven by the educated and affluent . Looking at 2012 data , almost one quarter ( 23 % ) of college graduates own four devices , and 9 % own five devices . By contrast
the error attributable to sampling that would be expected at the 95 % level of confidence for different groups in the current survey , conducted May 7 - 10 , 2010 : In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls
Republicans differ little across various demographic groups in saying people like them are misunderstood by the media . For example , Republicans have high levels of feeling misunderstood across sex , age and education groups ( between 70 % and 76 % in each group say they feel misunderstood ) . Among Democrats , however , there are differences across demographic traits , especially when it comes to education and age . About three - in - ten Democrats with at least a college degree ( 29 % ) feel misunderstood by the news media ,
will convene a synod on family issues at the Vatican in October ; the synod will examine the role in the church of divorced and remarried Catholics as well as gays and lesbian
a good chance they would back Clinton at a comparable point in 2007 . The bigger change , by far , is the state of
and the impact of religion on various issues , see Few Say Religion Shapes Immigration , Environment Views : Religion and the Issues
a cold rating on the scale ( 0 - 49 ) . But while a
the youngest online economic users turn to the internet in the largest numbers to relax and take their minds off of the economy , those in other age groups tend to do so as well . For
born legal residents ” refers to persons who indicate they are foreign born and who say they have a green card or have been approved
. The U.
’s ability to serve the country ’s best interests . The share saying they are very concerned about Trump ’s potential conflicts of interest is down 12 points , from 45 % a month ago . A majority of Democrats ( 59 % ) are very concerned that Trump ’s relationships conflict with his ability to serve the country ’s best interests ; just 7 % of Republicans say the same . Both groups express less concern than they did in December : Democrats are 11
. By comparison , Americans are more broadly accepting of drone use by private citizens in locations such as beaches or public parks . Still , a significant number of Americans do not have hard and fast rules about whether people should be able to fly drones in various locations . For each of the possible locations for drone use asked about in the survey , roughly one - quarter to one - third of Americans say it depends on the circumstances as to whether citizens should be allowed to pilot drones in that location
in the past year , according to a new Pew Research Center survey . Perhaps surprisingly , though , the most commonly cited motivation for these workers is not the pay . Our survey asked those who have earned money through   digital employment platforms – such as ride - hailing apps or various digital task sites – why they take on this type of work . They cited a number of reasons , from helping to fill in gaps in their other sources of income ( 37 % mentioned this ) to needing ways to earn money that could fit
42 % of Boom
. Surveys by the Radio Television Digital News Association   in 2012 - 2016 estimated that television newsroom staff were 77%-79 % white and 56%-60 % male , while radio newsroom staff were 87%-91 % white and 61%-69 % male . Note : See full methodology
question in the U.S. Still , several other survey questions point to a similar ambivalence in American public opinion about the role of Islam in society . For instance , half of American adults say Islam is not part of mainstream American society and a similar share ( 44 % ) say there is a natural conflict between Islam and democracy . Muslims make up roughly 1 % of the adult population in the U.S. , while across Europe as a whole ( including Eastern Europe ) , they are estimated
was highest in Sheboygan , WI , where 65 % of adults lived in middle - income households in 2016 , and it was the lowest in Laredo , TX , where 39 % of adults were in middle - income households . The 10 areas with the highest concentrations of middle class adults are located in the Midwest or the Northeast , with the exception of Ogden - Clearfield , UT . These areas are also more reliant on manufacturing than the nation overall . ( See our earlier analysis of U.S. metropolitan areas for more detail on the characteristics of these areas . ) The metropolitan
of those who were harassed by a stranger or somone anonymous . This group is especially likely to turn to other friends or family members for support : 39 % did so after their most recent encounter , compared with 16 % of those whose harasser was unknown
the case throughout Obama ’s presidency , blacks are overwhelmingly positive of his job performance : Currently , 91 % approve of his handling of his job as president . Similarly , the president garners positive ratings among Hispanics . Today , 65 % of Hispanics approve of his job performance . However , whites continue to be more likely to disapprove ( 56 % ) than approve ( 38 % ) of the president ’s performance , as they have been throughout most of his presidency . As in the past , Democrats
are viewed more favorably than
of women ages 25 to 34 had a postsecondary degree , Saudi Arabia is nevertheless ahead of other power brokers in the region such as Egypt ( 19 % ) and Iran ( 16 % ) .
The ideological differences were even more pronounced : 70 % of conservative Republicans and Republican leaners said refugees represented a major threat , compared with just 19 % of liberal Democrats and Democratic leaners . Overall , the share of adults who said refugees from Iraq and Syria posed a major threat fell by 9 percentage points between April 2016 and last month , especially among younger adults . Last month ’s survey also found age differences in both parties in views of the threat
play video games themselves are more likely than non - game players to think positively about gaming : Game players are also particularly likely to disagree with negative portrayals of video games
’s conference of the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) will feature a significant number of discussions about how the public thinks about science issues and how scientists communicate about their work . The Pew Research Center will be presenting new findings at the conference about the ways scientists engage with the public and media . There has been considerable interest in specific demographic breakdowns of the general public ’s answers to science - related questions that Pew Research covered in its recent report on science issues and the gaps between citizens and scientists ’ opinions on a range of issues . Here are additional demographic breakdowns of views
% of registered voters support the Republican candidate in their district or lean Republican , while 43 % favor the
a majority ( 55 % ) of Americans held an unfa
. ” 21st Century Fox attributed its flat revenue to lower entertainment prime time ratings . One factor that has driven the
of medical technology . And , while a 57 % majority of those high in religious commitment say gene editing to treat a congenital disorder in a baby is an appropriate use of medical technology , a much larger share of those with low religious commitment ( 82 % ) say this is appropriate . Those with high levels of religiosity also stand out when considering the possibility that development of gene editing would entail testing on human embryos . An overwhelming majority of those high
as ISIS – and the U.
42 % think household incomes have hardly come back from the recession . There has been less change since 2013 in views about recovery in the stock market and real estate . In 2013 , majorities said both sectors had either fully or partially recovered , and that remains the case today . But there has been a 10 - point increase since then in the share saying the stock market has “ fully ” recovered from the recession (
with lower incomes.2 Roughly two - thirds of Chinese with a secondary education or higher ( 68 % ) expect corruption to get
every day or almost every day , compared with just 5 % of
the Greeks and Italians have less belief in the benefits of economic union than do the French . The French now have less faith in the European Union as an institution than do the Italians or the Spanish . And the French , like their southern European compatriots , have lost confidence in their elected leader . Compounding their doubts about the Brussels - based European Union , Europeans are losing faith in the capacity of their own national leaders to cope with the economy ’s woes . In most countries
. In the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign , NAFTA was the focus of strong criticism by then - candidate Donald Trump . Recently , President Trump reiterated his view that NAFTA “ has been a disaster for the United
time in their online lives they downloaded music files , but now they no longer do any downloading . That represents more than 17 million people . However , the number of people
.S. troops from Afghanistan as soon as possible has increased across nearly all political and demographic groups . Two - thirds of Democrats ( 67 % ) now say troops should be removed as soon as possible , up from 43 % a year ago . A majority ( 57 % ) of independents also support immediate troop withdrawal , an increase of 15 points from last year . Republican support for removing U.S. troops as soon as possible has risen 12 points since last June . At that time , 65 % of
? And among those who think God ’s hand was involved in the 2016 election , in what sense do they think God was at work ? A new Pew Research Center survey finds that 27 % of U.S
lean to the Republican Party are far more likely to feel misunderstood than those who lean Democratic ( 80 % vs. 51 % , respectively , say they feel misunderstood by the news media ) . The deep divides between Republicans and Democrats in feeling misunderstood by news organizations is largely in line with partisan divides in trust in national media and perceived fairness in news coverage . As seen in previous findings , Republicans are far less likely than Democrats to say they have a lot of trust in the information they get from national news organizations and are more likely to think the news media tend to favor one side . Note : For more information ,
the most prominent candidate in the GOP field . More than four - in - ten ( 43 % ) say the former pizza company executive was the candidate they heard the most about in the news recently . Just more than one - in - ten ( 13 % ) mention Newt Gingrich , whose candidacy gained traction as Cain ’s lost momentum . Just 5 % say Mitt Romney was the candidate they heard the most about . Since confronted at the end of October with allegations of sexual harassment in the
a third of the Indian public expresses no opinion on China or Japan . These are the key findings of a Pew Research Center survey of 7,618 respondents in four countries : China , Japan , Australia and India . The survey was conducted April 6 to May 29 , 2016 . Stereotypes can reveal a great deal about the assumptions , sometimes biased or prejudiced , that influence how people view members of other groups . In the case of China and Japan , publics tend to hold largely negative stereotypes of one another . The Chinese and the Japanese see each other as violent . Roughly eight - in - ten Japanese describe the Chinese as arrogant ,
doing something wrong . In both 2015 and 2013 , larger shares of
. ” Meanwhile , a minority of Americans think these companies can be trusted to do the right thing just about always ( 3 % ) or most of the time ( 25 % ) , and roughly half the public ( 51 % ) thinks they should be regulated more than they are now . These are among the key findings of this Pew Research Center survey , conducted May 29 - June 11 among 4,594 U.S. adults . As technology companies have taken on an increasingly central role in the media landscape and broader economy , they have been drawn into a number of controversies relating
big problem in Pakistan , South Korea , the Philippines , and China . Worries about inequality also are less prevalent in
on abortion of the party they identify with or lean toward . And within each partisan coalition , some groups are less likely than
the number of Hispanic registered voters increased by 61 % , while the number of Hispanics identifying as Democrats increased by 83 % and those having no party affiliation increased by 95 % . The number of Hispanic Republican registered voters has grown too – but much more slowly ( just 16 % ) . As a result , among Hispanic registered voters in 2016 , 678,000 were registered as Democrats , 610,000 indicated no party affiliation and 479,000 were registered as
each made up 16 % of the newshole analyzed by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism . Meanwhile , economic news totaled 24 % of coverage , with the largest shares devoted to coverage of Goldman Sachs and allegations of fraud against the company ( 9 % ) , the debate over strengthening Wall Street regulation ( 6 % ) and the economic crisis in Greece ( 3 % of newshole ) . Other economic news made up another 6 % of coverage . More than four - in - ten Americans ( 44 % ) say they very closely followed news last week about the large amount of oil leaking into the
. For results based on the total sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the error attributable to sampling is plus or minus 4 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in
” Americans who consider themselves to be spiritual but not religious also tend to accept at least one New Age belief . Roughly three - quarters of U.S. adults in this category hold one or more New Age beliefs , including six - in - ten who believe spiritual energy can be located in physical things and 54 % who believe in psychics . And among those who say they are religious and spiritual , 65 % espouse at least one New Age belief . Americans who reject both the religious and spiritual labels also are more likely to reject New Age beliefs . Roughly three - in - ten or fewer in this group
. ) In this chart , the dips in tech ownership registered in the September 2010 survey are mostly a result of the fact that Spanish interviews were added to the survey . Most of the Pew Internet surveys before 2010 were only conducted in English . The Project has added Spanish to this survey and that knocked down the overall tech - ownership numbers in some instances because respondents who wanted to be interviewed in Spanish were somewhat less likely than others to be tech non - users .
have quietly surrendered all control over the information they choose to share online . Yet , social science researchers have long noted a major disconnect in attitudes and practices around information privacy online . When asked , people say that privacy is important to them ; when observed , people ’s actions seem to suggest otherwise
was bookended by two very unpopular Republican presidents . Major elements of George W. Bush ’s foreign policies met with widespread opposition in the region , and by the time he left office
to give blacks equal rights with whites . A lopsided majority of officers ( 80 % ) say the country has made the necessary changes . But the public is
question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into
2008 extended the amount of time STEM graduates may work in the U.S. to a maximum of 29 months . About half of STEM graduates have extended their OPT program beyond the initial 12 - month period in
a major threat to both their finances and health , while 41 % do not view the outbreak as a major threat to either . The pattern is similar among the next oldest age groups ; significantly more people in their 30s through 50s say the coronavirus outbreak is a major threat to their finances and not their health than say the opposite . But those 70 and older are about four times as likely as the youngest adults ( those ages 18 to 29 ) to say the coronavirus outbreak is a major threat to their health but not their finances ( 25 % vs. 6 % ) . Aside from
better off than they were eight years ago ? ” While the two current front -
.S. drone attacks . About three - in - ten or fewer say they are very concerned U.S. strikes could lead to retaliation from extremist groups ( 31 % ) , that they are being conducted legally ( 29 % ) or that they could damage America ’s reputation around the world ( 24 % ) . The survey finds continued public pessimism about the U.S. military mission in Afghanistan . A majority ( 56 % ) says the United States has mostly failed in achieving its goals in Afghanistan
- Saharan Africa ( 41 % ) is more than twice as high as any other region ( such as Southern Asia , with 17 % ) . Health care has also remained a key challenge in sub - Saharan
apparently many Chinese believed the
An overwhelming majority of
for immigration reasons in the last 12 months . Less often than a year ago , Mexicans say their government is making progress in its campaign against drug traffickers ; 37 % say this is the case , compared with 47 % in 2012 . An additional 29 % now say the government is losing ground against the cartels , and 30 % see no change in the way things are going . As in the past , Mexicans overwhelmingly support the use of the Mexican army to fight drug traffickers ; 85 % are in
Though a plurality continues to say that Mitt Romney is the Republican candidate they have heard most about in the news recently , Romney and Rick Santorum are about equally visible among Republican and Republican - leaning independents . Looking at the public as a whole , 41 % say they have heard the most about Romney recently and 27 % say they have heard the most about Santorum . One week ago , despite Santorum wins in recent caucuses and primaries , the divide was wider : 50 %
. The share of Republicans who say the deficit affects their finances a lot has
The increased popularity of anger after the election is also apparent when examining the share of emotional reactions and “ likes ” that individual posts received . By that measure , anger emerged as the most popular reaction – other than “ likes ” – soon after President Donald Trump ’s January 2017 inauguration , beating out the “ love ” reaction for the first time . By the end of 2017 , the difference became much more pronounced . Just 2 % of all Facebook reactions to congressional posts were “ angry ” in the period leading up to the 2016 election . But after the election and through the end of 2017 , that
on a survey conducted in the U.S. and six Asia - Pacific countries between February and May. 1Many people in Asia - Pacific
Republicans and Republican leaners oppose same - sex marriage , while 47 % favor this . As recently as 2013 , Republicans opposed gay marriage by nearly two - to - one ( 61 % to 33 % ) . Younger white evangelicals . Overall , white evangelical Protestants continue to stand out for their opposition to same - sex - marriage : 35 % of white evangelical Protestants favor same - sex marriage , compared with a 59 % majority who are opposed . But younger white evangelicals have grown more
have experienced one of these events
s new requirements on clinics . Abortion - rights advocates have said they are considering bringing legal action against both new laws . But while legal battles in Texas and North Carolina likely would garner a lot of attention , state - level lawsuits could soon be overshadowed by the U.S. Supreme Court . In June , the high court indicated it might review a 2012 Supreme Court of Oklahoma decision that struck down a law restricting the use of abortion -
. A national survey by the Pew Research Center , conducted Feb.16 - March 14 among 2,020 Americans , finds a widespread belief that today ’s parents
as hard - working and honest as U.S. citizens , while 67 % say they are no more likely than citizens to commit serious crimes . The survey also finds continued public opposition to
about the issue , which is little changed since last December ( 47 % ) . More Americans continue to say it is more important
of 31 as of June
older men or women at any age to prefer new technology products . Technology products have typically come on the market with a high price tag that is out of reach for many consumers . Thus , not surprisingly , adults with family incomes of at least $ 150,000 annually also tend to express a stronger preference for early technology adoption on this summary index ( 39 % do so ) compared with those at middle- and lower - income
. Overall , 19 % of the public paid very close attention to news about the fired U.S. attorneys and 8 % said this was
s presidential campaign . Before the outbreak , over a third ( 35 % ) of Hispanics said they more often outwardly express their Hispanic identity than five years ago by speaking Spanish in public ( 24 % ) , talking about their pride in being Hispanic ( 25 % ) or wearing clothing that shows their Hispanic heritage ( 10 % ) . Meanwhile , a similar share of Hispanics ( 33 % ) said they more often express their U.
% of those in the survey who said they rely on their own research a lot or a little were asked to explain in their own words
, 34 % of those 18 to 29 think there has been too
and Nepal . The holiday goes by several names , including Buddha Purnima , Vesak , Buddha Jayanti and Ikh Duichen , and is
illegally to remain in this country if they meet certain requirements , while 27 % say they should not be allowed to stay legally . But there is a division
was the public ’s top news story , although the incoming Republican leaders in Congress drew much more news coverage . Public perceptions of the tone of economic news have become
Christians in the Middle East , ” promising that the U.
, cable news has been on a steady rise since the 2016 election . Some of this revenue has flowed back into newsroom spending , which has risen 22 % since 2015 . However , employment in cable TV newsrooms has not risen , according to Bureau of Labor Statistics data , and neither have wages . 3Digital ad revenue has grown exponentially , but a majority goes to Facebook and Google rather than to publishers . Revenue from ads placed on digital
. When it came to specifics , the public was far less interested in their side compromising . For example , when
the middle - class share of the adult population fell in seven of the 11 Western European countries examined , mirroring the long - term shrinking of the middle class in the U.S. 2In most countries studied , decreasing shares of middle - income populations led to rising shares of adults in lower- and upper - income tiers . These shifts signal a sharpening of economic divisions among households in many Western European countries and the U.S.
in economic ratings seen during the last two recessions . Before they took a sudden negative turn , economic attitudes were historically positive . Just three months ago , the public ’s views of the national economy were more positive than they had been at any point over the past 20 years . This is very different from the Great Recession , which began in December 2007 . Even before the recession and subsequent financial crisis , the public ’s views of the national economy were not all that
. In contrast to the decrease of the Mexican born , the U.S. immigrant population from all countries has continued to grow and numbered 39.6 million in 2011 , according to the Census Bureau ’s Current Population Survey . In addition , the number of Mexican - Americans in the U.S.—both immigrants and U.S.-born residents of Mexican ancestry — is continuing to rise . The Mexican - American population numbered 33 million in 2010.2 As reported previously (
. Americans ,
. Less than half see the EU favorably , however , in Greece and the United Kingdom ( which at the time of this writing is debating its exit from the EU , originally scheduled for March 29 , 2019 ) . And as May elections for the European Parliament approach , attitudes toward the EU - wide legislative body are mixed , although overall ratings are slightly more favorable ( a median of 50 % ) than unfavorable ( 45 % ) . The UK and Greece once again stand out for their negative assessments , while Germans and the French are almost evenly divided . CORRECTION ( March 19
and believes in the fairness of the nation ’s economic system . And a large majority of Core Conservatives ( 68 % ) express a positive view of U.
decline has accelerated in recent years . Over a two - year period between
. Muslims in Nigeria are significantly more likely than Christians to be concerned about Islamic extremism . Consistent with these concerns , majorities or pluralities of Muslims in Britain ( 58 % ) , France ( 56 % ) , and Germany ( 49 % ) believe there is a struggle in their country between moderates and Islamic fundamentalists . Again , Spanish Muslims differ from their European counterparts , with a majority ( 65 % ) saying they do not see such a struggle , a view they share with 60 % of Nigerian Muslims . In all four European countries – and especially in France – those who do
do not think they will donate right now . Compared with some of these other previous international disasters , interest in the typhoon is lower across all age groups . Among adults 65 and older , 45 % followed Haiyan very closely last week , compared to the 67 % who closely monitored the Japanese tsunami . Interest has been particularly low among adults younger than 40 , just 20 % of whom have followed the aftermath in the Philippines last week , compared to the 47 % who tracked
as many ( 26 % ) rated news about the economy as most important to them . This gap between public interest and press coverage continued through September and October , as the election consumed over a quarter of the newshole , but was a second , or even third - tier story in terms of public interest . The elections did not become the top story for the public until the final week before Election Day , and remained the top story for the two weeks following . The ongoing U.S. military efforts in Afghanistan and Iraq
empty
do much of the work currently done by humans , roughly nine - in - ten Japanese ( 89 % ) said in the Center ’s 2018 survey that most jobs will definitely or probably be automated by the year 2050 – a
” but rate their ability to speak and read English
of Italy ’s Five Star Movement ( -19 percentage points ) , Spain ’s Podemos ( -9 points ) and France ’s France Insoumise (-8 points ) are less likely than those who do
This news accounted for about 1 % of the newshole . These findings are based on the most recent installment of the weekly News Interest Index , an ongoing project of the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press . The index , building on the Center ’s longstanding research into public attentiveness to major news stories , examines news interest as it relates to the news media ’s coverage . The weekly survey is conducted in conjunction with The Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , which monitors the news reported by major newspaper , television , radio and online news outlets
; just 21 % viewed it as inadequate – less than half the percentage among conservative Republicans . Nearly half of white evangelical Protestants ( 46 % ) said that the United States had done too little to support Israel , by far the highest percentage of any religious group . No more than about a quarter in other religious groups said the United States was not supportive enough of Israel . Pew Research Center Resources on Opinions about Israel and the Middle East “ Israel Support Unchanged in
a bachelor ’s degree . In 2016 , about two - thirds ( 65 % ) of Asian workers ages 25 to 29 had at least a bachelor ’s degree , compared with 47 % of white workers in this age group . And although the share of young black and Hispanic workers who are college educated has grown , just 27 % of black Millennial workers and 21 % of Hispanic Millennial workers held a bachelor ’s degree in 2016 . The Northeast region of the U.
include April Clark , D’Vera Cohn , Richard Fry , Cary Funk , Felisa Gonzales , Rakesh Kochhar , Gretchen Livingston , Jeffrey Passel
abortion should be legal in all cases , while 39 % say it should be legal in most cases . Among Republicans and Republican leaners , significantly more say abortion should be illegal ( 62 % ) than legal ( 36 % ) in all or most cases . Republicans are deeply split on this question by ideology : 77 % of conservative Republicans say abortion should be illegal in all or most cases ; just 22 % say it should be legal . By contrast , 57 % of moderate and liberal Republicans think abortion
. Each origin group ’s characteristics are compared with all Hispanics and the U.S. population
on the U.S. does not keep the Japanese from taking a pessimistic view
increase in OPT approvals . ) The decline in 2017 also coincided with low unemployment rates for U.S. workers with a bachelor ’s degree or higher . The Trump administration has tightened regulations that govern the OPT program . Under U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services rules posted online in January , foreign graduates working under OPT must now work at the employer ’s place of business . ( Previously , foreign workers could work at a third - party site , such as at a client ’s office . ) In addition , the administration has announced plans to roll back the 2016 employment
, including close to twice as many who say they are very strong ( 38 % vs. 21 % ) . Nearly seven - in - ten Hispanics ( 69 % ) also see strong conflicts , including 42 % who say they are very strong . About three - quarters ( 74 % ) of Democrats and Democratic leaners say conflicts between blacks and whites are strong or very strong . A smaller majority of Republicans and Republican leaners ( 54 % ) say the same . The partisan gap on conflicts holds among whites : White Democrats ( 70 % ) are more likely than white Republicans ( 54 % ) to
were no statistically significant differences between the two groups on any of
empty
) but are significantly less likely than non - rural dwellers to own a laptop computer (
A similar proportion of the public ( 80 % ) expresses a positive view of the BJP . Modi and the BJP enjoy overwhelming support among men and women , from people of all ages , educational backgrounds and income levels , and among people in rural and urban areas . Even a majority of backers of the rival Indian National Congress party ( INC ) express a positive view of Modi and the BJP . About half or more of the public approves of Modi ’s handling of
– say journalists have done an excellent or good job covering the George Floyd protests . Among those ages 18 to 29 , 46 % agree with that assessment . With COVID-19 coverage , the percentage of Democrats in the older age groups who say the news media have done very or somewhat well ranges between 82 % and 94 % . Among 18- to 29 - year - olds , it is 68 % . And only 9 % of the youngest Democrats say the media have done very
the U.S. is less important and powerful as a world leader than a decade ago , while 34 %
, 63 % of the
they lack broadband at home , or because they have few options for online access other than their
was bookended by two very unpopular Republican presidents . Major elements of George W. Bush ’s foreign policies met with widespread opposition in the region , and by the time he left
in his ability to handle world affairs . Among Americans , about six - in - ten ( 58 % ) have confidence in Obama ’s handling of world affairs , but views divide sharply along partisan lines : 92 % of Democrats have confidence compared with only 21 % of Republicans . 4Overall , people in most
originally published Jan
( 67 % ) as a major reason underlying their support . Clinton supporters are 30 percentage points less likely than Trump supporters to
, as do a somewhat smaller share ( 27 % ) of those 18 to 22 years old .
U.S. waters ( 56 % ) and more mining and drilling on federally owned land ( 58 % ) — opinions largely unchanged from previous years . About eight - in - ten ( 81 % ) Americans support requirements for better fuel efficiency for cars and trucks . There is broad public support for   stricter limits on power plant emissions . About two - thirds ( 64 % ) of the American public   said in a November survey that they   favored stricter limits on power plant emissions to mitigate climate change ,
and likelihood of turning out to vote , particularly among Republicans . Among Republicans and Republican leaners with a very unfavor
household chores are distributed . Previous research   indicates that , among full - time working parents , fathers work more hours , on average , than mothers do . And indeed , personal earnings , which are linked to hours worked outside the home , are associated with how U.S. parents perceive the way their household chores are split . Those who earn about the same as their partner are more likely to say the division of household labor is about equal ( 65 % ) than those who earn
the vast majority of voters ( 87 % ) say they care a good deal about who wins the presidency , and 72 % say they care which party preva
s testimony below and watch a webcast of the hearing here . — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — Written testimony submitted to U.
, Hispanic immigrants who have made their way to a public library stand out as the most appreciative of what libraries have to offer , from free books to research resources to the
are five key takeaways from a new Pew Research report on what the world thinks about
The latest Pew weekly News Interest Index survey , conducted October 17 - 20 , shows that changing opinions of Obama have been more favorable than unfa
also finds many Turks disapp
- in - three black and Hispanic students attended a school where at least three - quarters of students were of the same race or ethnicity . ( Data on Asians was not available . ) Among Latino students , segregation has grown most in the western U.S. , according to a new report from the Civil Rights Project at the University of California , Los Angeles . In 2011 , some 45 % of Latinos in the West attended schools
, including 58 %
the past few months . However , the proportion following news about the candidates most closely – like the share of news coverage devoted to the campaign – is at its highest
. Job openings have , in fact , rebounded strongly from the recession , though not quite to their pre - crash levels . But even that   silver lining comes with its own cloud : Unemployment is higher than one would
empty
The findings in this report are based on data from telephone interviews conducted by Princeton Survey Research Associates International from July 11 - 14 , among a sample of 1,002 adults ages 18 and older . Telephone interviews were conducted in English by landline and cell phone . For results based on the total sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the error attributable to sampling is plus or minus 3.4 percentage points and for the results from 792 internet and smartphone users in the
Christians in the Middle East , ” promising that the U.
as House speaker . There are no significant age differences in awareness of the United Kingdom as the country taking steps to leave the EU or in the share who correctly identify Macron as president of France . And large majorities , regardless of age , are able to correctly state that mosquitoes are the primary way the Zika virus is spread to humans and to identify lead as the reason the tap water in Flint , Michigan , is unsafe . There is little difference in news knowledge across partisan groups , with Republicans and
degree say they have little control over their fate , while just 22 % of college graduates share this view . Americans also distinguish themselves from Western Europeans on
, just 25 % say that , “ on the issues that matter , ” their side has been winning more often than it has been losing . More than twice as many ( 64 % ) say their side loses more often than it wins . The feeling that political losses outnumber victories is widely shared across demographic groups . Substantial majorities of men ( 66 % ) and women ( 62
. This represents a slight improvement since July , but is consistent
they lack broadband at home , or because they have few options for online access other than their
. As of the end of 2015 , the number of displaced people in the world – more than 60 million – is at its highest since World War II . Conflict in Syria has been the principal contributor to the recent growth in the world ’s displaced population . 6Europe was gripped by rising popular discontent
- educated , 42 % of whom hold that view . In comparison , there is less enthusiasm for growing commerce with China , although slightly more Americans see doing business with China as a positive rather than a negative
mark the beginning of a new era for U.S
Shrinking newsroom budgets play a significant part , but so does the explosion of mobile technology and social media , making it easier for citizens and non - professionals to capture and share images . When it laid off several photographers in 2011 , CNN cited the “ impact of user - generated content and social media … in breaking news , ” as a key reason . Donald Winslow , an official with the
“ angry ” and another 51 % “ frustrated ” at the federal government . About half ( 48 % ) of those surveyed said the main reason
to say that Lebanon should not accept any refugees from Syria . Three - in - ten in Turkey want their country to accept fewer refugees from Syria and more than half say their
Just 6 % of teens report going online weekly , and 2 % go
The company attributed that decline in part to the “ significantly lower ratings ” for baseball on WGN - TV and WGN - AM 720 — broadcast home of the last place Chicago Cubs . The story from Scripps , which reported the steepest year - to - year decline in revenues in the third quarter , illustrates what can happen to television stations in non - election years .   In 2012 , a record $ 3.1 billion was spent for political ads on local television .   In the third quarter of 2012 , Scripps stations brought in almost $ 33 million from political ads . In
with at least one unauthorized immigrant parent can be found
. The views of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are nearly the opposite : 27 % say whites benefit a great deal or a fair amount from societal advantages , compared with 72 % who say they do not benefit at all or do not benefit too much . Although wide majorities of both black and white Democrats say whites enjoy at least a fair amount of advantages that blacks do not ( 95 % and 73 % , respectively ) , black Democrats are much more likely
; 44 % of independents say the same , up 11 points . Just three - in - ten Democrats ( 30 % )
. Republican opinions of Palin are little changed from that time ; nearly three - quarters ( 73 % ) continue to view her favorably . By contrast , about the same percentage of Democrats ( 75 % ) see Palin unfavorably , reflecting an eight - point increase since the fall . Independent assessments also have shifted more negative . Independents were divided in views of Palin last fall ( 43 % favorable , 43 % unfa
as did 65 % in Germany and 64 % in
. Roughly eight - in - ten blacks with at least some college experience ( 81 % ) say they ’ve experienced racial discrimination , at least from time to time , including 17 % who say this happens regularly . Among
say terrorism is a very big problem in the U.S. , just a quarter of white Democrats say this . The gap is about as wide in views of job opportunities ( 52 % of black Democrats , vs. 25 % of white Democrats ) . However , black and white Democrats share similar views about many issues ,
’s positive assessment of Modi is buoyed by growing contentment with the Indian economy : More than eight - in - ten say economic conditions are good , up 19 percentage points since immediately before the 2014 election . And the share of adults who say the economy is very good ( 30 % ) has tripled in the past three years . Overall , seven - in - ten Indians are now satisfied with the way things are going in the country
with a bachelor ’s degree or higher were unemployed , versus 3.6 %
to a new Pew Research Center survey of Hispanic adults , half ( 50 % ) say
have attracted broad public interest . A year ago , even more Americans ( 69 % ) followed news about gas prices very closely . This past week
were no statistically significant differences between the two groups on any of
will feature both economics and geopolitics . U.
. By contrast , more than eight - in - ten Republicans ( 84 % ) and Democrats ( 88 % ) say the ease with which people can illegally obtain guns
Although drug abuse is given less priority than in the early 1990s when the Bush administration declared a “ war on drugs , ” it still is seen as a significant danger by most Americans — particularly African - Americans and those with lower incomes and less education . Nearly three - quarters of blacks ( 74 % ) say they are very worried about having a family member develop a drug problem , compared to just 39 % of whites . And increasingly , drugs are hitting home in rural areas ; people in those areas cite drugs as the top community problem . While interdiction is regarded as the most effective anti
show considerable excitement about the presumptive Democratic nominee :
’s growing military strength is bad for their country , including nine - in - ten in Japan and South Korea . This depth of concern with China ’s growth is mirrored in the relative primacy these countries place on their relations with the United States . In each country in the region , more name the U.S. as their most dependable ally than any other country in an open - ended question , including around two - thirds or more in Japan ( 63 % ) , the Philippines ( 64 % ) and South Korea ( 71 % ) . Each country in the region
There are modest differences in these views across subgroups of Democrats : Large majorities of liberal Democrats ( 77 % ) and conservative and moderate Democrats ( 68 % ) both say their bigger concern is that Democrats in Congress will not do enough to oppose Trump ’s
.   A decade later , in 1968 , that number fell to about 22,000 , according to an analysis of data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Today , measles cases are extremely rare , but the CDC reported a spike in 2014 , with more than 600 measles cases , the first such jump in more than a decade . The CDC attributed the increase to an outbreak among unvaccinated Ohio Amish communities and cases related to an outbreak in
. Another survey   from about the same time   ( December 2015 ) found that 46 % of Americans thought Islam was more likely than other religions to encourage violence . FBI data for 2016 will not be released until next year , but there have been anecdotal reports of a continued rise in anti - Muslim hate crimes this year . While not all incidents can be   confirmed , the   Southern Poverty Law Center , a civil rights advocacy group that tracks hate crimes , reported   more than 30 cases   of anti
the nation ’s largest political parties . About half ( 52 % ) had a favorable
too little coverage ; that compares with 40 % who say the amount of coverage has been appropriate and just 4 % who say this has been overcovered . For each
- and - file Catholics and Protestants , according to a 2017 survey conducted in 15 countries in the region . For example , the prevailing view among both Protestants and Catholics today is that faith and good works are necessary to get into heaven – the traditional Catholic position . Fewer people say faith alone leads to salvation ( in Latin , sola fide ) , the position Martin Luther made a central rallying cry of 16th - century Protestant reforms . While Protestants who attend religious services are more likely to identify with the traditional sola fide position , in nearly every country in the region , the share of Protestants who attend church weekly is in
times as likely as those 30 and older to be the target of more severe forms of online harassment ( 41 % vs. 12 % ) . Men are somewhat more likely than women to be harassed online ( 44 % vs. 37 % ) , but women – particularly younger women – are more likely to be the targets of sexual harassment online . Two - in - ten women ages 18 to 29 ( 21 % ) say they have been sexually
The median household incomes of white , black , Hispanic and Asian households did not statistically change from 2011 to 2012 . As the recent Pew Research report on Martin Luther King Jr. ’s elusive dream noted , the gap in median income between white and black households has not changed much over the decades . In 1972 , white incomes were 1.7 times black incomes . White and black incomes have both risen since then and in 2012 white incomes were 1.7 times black incomes . The white - to - Hispanic income gap has risen since 1972 , from 1.3 in 1972
were widespread calls for national unity , and important statements by national leaders ( including presidents Bush and Hollande ) making it clear that violent extremists do not represent Islam . Also , as Claremont Graduate University ’s Christopher Smith has argued , the media may have helped shape American public opinion after 9/11 by critiquing stereotypes of Muslims and drawing attention to violations of Muslims ’ civil liberties . Of course , it is important to note that even though there was no broad public - opinion backlash in France or the U.S. , violence against Muslims increased in
The Japanese , along with South Koreans , are more worried about cyberattacks than are the remaining 36 nations polled in the 2017 Pew Research Center survey . ( For views on global threats , see “ Globally , People Point to ISIS and Climate Change as Leading Security Threats . ” ) Two - thirds of Japanese ( 67 % ) see global climate change as a major danger . About six - in - ten ( 62 % ) voice the view that the Islamic militant group known as ISIS is a major
% voicing an unfa
Russian activities have led to U.S. and European economic sanctions against Moscow . But Germany ’s geographic proximity and economic ties to Russia give Berlin and Washington different stakes in the confrontation with Moscow . Nevertheless , a majority of Germans ( 57 % ) believe it is more important for Germany to have strong ties with the United States than with Russia . Just 15 % prefer strong ties with Russia , and another 21 % volunteer that it is best to have an equally close relationship with both . However , East and West Germans differ on ties with the U.S. While 61 % of Germans living in
on federal land . An additional 41 % would favor the government
% in both parties viewed the opposing party very unfa
. This is up from two weeks prior when 38 % reported following news about the U.S. economy very closely and substantially higher than last fall when less than three - in - ten followed U.S. economic news very closely . The last time the condition of the U.S. economy drew this much attention was in February 1993 when 49 % of the public said they followed economic news very closely . The big economic news story last week was the buyout of Wall Street investment bank Bear Stearns by J.P. Morgan Chase with the financial backing of the Federal Reserve . Almost half of the public said that
a long list of challenges , they are now less likely to describe as very big problems issues such as public debt , the situation in Afghanistan , tensions between Sunni and Shia Muslims , and corruption . These are among the major findings from the latest survey in Pakistan by the Pew Research Center , based on face - to - face interviews conducted with 1,203 respondents from April 15 to May 7 , 2014 . The sample covers approximately 82 % of the country ’s adult population . ( For more details see the Methods section of this report ) . The poll also finds little support for extremist groups in
3.9 % ) was slightly below that of the nation as a whole . The Midwest had the nation ’s highest regional openings rate ( 4.4 % ) , followed by the Northeast ( 4.1 % ) ; the rate in the West lagged behind at 3.6 % . Nationally , workers appear to be in shortest supply in two service sectors : professional /
they are fearful about the state of the country , little changed since June . A smaller majority ( 57 % ) say they
n’t changed much over the past decade , though department stores account for less of the seasonal surge than they used to ( as well as a smaller share   of retail employment generally )   and clothing / accessories stores account   for more . Most retail sectors participate in the pre - holiday hiring surge , though some more so than others . Grocery stores and drugstores , for example , have little or no wintertime seasonality ; building - material and garden - supply stores hit their peak payrolls in
if existing services in the area are either too expensive or not good enough , according to the survey , conducted March 13 - 27 . Just 27 % of U.S. adults say these so - called municipal broadband networks should not be allowed . ( A number of state laws currently prevent cities from building their own high -
time and money or even lead to better health and well -
80 % ) as very important issues to their vote . Other issues that rank highly on voters ’ 2016 importance list include foreign policy ( 75 % very important ) ,
. Latinos make up 15 percent of the total U.S. population , and in many
on power plant emissions ( 66 % of Clinton supporters say this vs. 39 % of Trump supporters ) , an international agreement to limit carbon emissions ( 66 % vs. 34 % ) and tougher fuel - efficiency standards for cars and trucks ( 65 % vs. 31 % ) . Similarly , Clinton supporters are much more likely than Trump supporters to say that corporate tax incentives to encourage businesses to reduce emissions resulting from
just the sum of races in an individual ’s family tree . It ’s as much an attitude as it is a biological certainty – a combination of
of their long - time ally ’s trajectory on the world stage . About six - in - ten ( 61 % ) say the United States plays a less important and powerful role as a world leader today compared with 10 years ago . Just 7 % believe the U.S. plays a more important role , while 29 % say Washington is as important as a decade
; they help connect people with one another in both good times and bad . Parents – in this study defined as those with children under 18 – are especially likely to try to respond to the good news others post , answer others
the U.S. military presence in Germany as very important to American national security . Germans , for their part , see the two countries ’ relationship as strained
it is among the world ’s greatest nations . Note : See full topline results
in the consensus in support for ending U.
themselves are experiencing family life in
violence and turmoil . Bolivia and Syria each have had eight coups in the past seven decades , while Argentina has had seven .   Scholars who study coups note that they ’ve been most common in particular regions : Central and South America , Africa and , to a somewhat lesser extent , the Middle East and Southeast
a strong majority of Hispanics and Asian Americans want to see immigration reform passed
about a program ( 11 % of cell owners have done this recently ) and
, certain groups of Americans read at relatively high rates
New York ’s law is scheduled to take effect in 2018 , and the D.C. law   in 2020 . ( Washington state passed a paid - leave law in 2007 , but it ’s been on indefinite
there are surprisingly few differences in assessments across racial and ethnic lines , education or income levels . 6Many Americans have mixed views about current enhancements , such as cosmetic
with the Tea Party say they are angry at the government , compared with just 27 % of non - Tea Party Republicans . But in October 2006 , during the Bush administration , liberal Democrats expressed more anger at the government than any other group . At that time , just prior to the 2006 midterm , the percentage of liberal Democrats who said they felt angry at the federal government ( 44 % ) mirrors the share of conservative Republicans who say that today ( 41 % ) . Most Americans ( 61 % ) say they are following congressional talks to avoid a government shutdown very or fairly closely ,
into a potent campaign issue for Modi . In the Center ’s spring survey last year , 76 % of Indians said Pakistan is a major threat to their country , including 63 % who said it is a very serious threat . This view was shared by people in rural areas and urban centers , supporters of both the prime
much more likely than men to say people should be able to feel welcome and safe in online spaces ( 63 % to 43 % ) , while men are more likely than women to say it is important for people to be able to speak their minds freely online ( 56 % to 36 % ) . Similarly , half of women say that offensive content online is too often excused as not being a big deal , whereas 64 % of men – and 73 % of men ages 18 to 29 – say that many people take this type of content too seriously . Men and women also differ on how best to prevent
show that the referendum will fail to pass — indicating that it may
% say that candidate is former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney while 7 % say it is Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota . In mid - August , Americans were about equally likely to say they had heard the most about Perry or Bachmann . Four - in - ten ( 42 % ) say they very closely followed news about the 10th anniversary of the Sept. 11 terror attacks . That is more than said they followed news about the 9/11 anniversary in 2010 very closely ( 33 % ) and comparable to the 39 % that followed the first anniversary of 9/11 in
Russia favorably . Here are six charts that show how people
the share of adults living in middle - income households fell in 203 of the 229 U.
. About half ( 53 % ) say they know a lot about Clinton ’s positions ; by
- emptive military force was highest in May of 2003 – just weeks after the start of the Iraq War – when 67 % said they considered it sometimes or often justified . Republicans and Democrats express starkly different viewpoints on the pre - emptive use of military force . Nearly seven - in - ten Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 68 % ) say the use of force against countries that may seriously threaten the U.S. but have
interest in the top news stories of the week was collected June 6 - 9 from a nationally representative sample of 1,004
. 70 % of Democrats ) . They are 14 points less likely than Democrats to say their local news media do a good job reporting news accurately ( 64 % vs. 78 % ) and being transparent about their reporting ( 55 % vs. 69 % ) . Republicans give their local news media lower marks than Democrats on the remaining four core job functions as well – covering news thoroughly , keeping an eye on political leaders , providing news you use daily and including people like you in their
Democrats ( 80 % ) and independents ( 78 % ) say that partisans in Washington are bickering and opposing one another more than usual . Job approval ratings for both Republican and Democratic leaders in Congress are down slightly from mid - summer . Though Republicans may be poised for major gains in the House and Senate in the midterm elections , just 24 % of the public approves of the job being done by the party ’s leaders in Congress . That is down from 33 % in July , and equals a low measured at about the same time last year . Disapproval stands at 60 % ,
this series : Black Millennials are more religious than other Millennials 5 facts about the religious lives of African Americans Blacks more likely than others in U.S. to read the Bible regularly , see it as God ’s word Black men are less religious than black women , but more religious than white women and
the greatly exaggerated reports of public disorder in its wake , evoked sharply different reactions among black and white Americans . Surveys of public opinion in the weeks following the storm found large racial divisions in reactions to government preparations for the disaster and the handling of its aftermath . In the Pew survey conducted Sept. 6 - 7 , for example , not only were African American respondents far more likely than whites to see a racial dimension in the slowness of the government ’s response , but an
still about four months away , yet most Americans are already worn out by the amount of news coverage of the 2016 presidential campaign . A new Pew Research Center survey conducted June 7 - July 5 finds that about six - in - ten Americans ( 59 % ) feel exhausted by the amount of election coverage , while 39 % say they like getting a lot of coverage about the election . This feeling of fatigue is particularly true among those who are n’t following news about the election very closely – 69 % of this group say they are worn out compared with about 41 % of those who follow the
. There are also major divides in the way partisans interpret the current scientific discussion over climate , with
% respectively ) . About half of Filipinos are also worried about China ’s power and influence , almost double the proportion who say Russia ( 26 % ) or the U.S. ( 25 % ) are a major threat
the election of 2000 ( at 1.7 % ) . The greatest variability in the polls was seen in 1992 , when Ross Perot ’s on - again , off- again candidacy ­ and Bill Clinton ’s rising support in the June - July time frame ­ resulted in average polling variability of 2.9 percentage points . By contrast , the 1996 campaign , when Clinton consistently held a large lead over challenger Bob Dole , saw the least variation from one poll to the other ( an average spread of 1.2 percentage points ) . Notes 1 . The measure of polling variability is computed as the average difference of all polls
’s News Coverage Index , go to
they are satisfied with the amount of time they spend with their kids . About half ( 53 % ) say this , while only
with teens in the South expressing their religion in school more often than teens in other parts of the country , according to a recent Pew Research Center survey .
, one that in recent months has been clouded by bellicose discourse around trade disputes . Those in the U.S. who see economic ties with China as bad are much more likely than those who think the nations have good economic ties to have overall unfavorable views of China ( 71 % vs. 47 % ) . Some elected officials and policymakers increasingly have been highlighting the ways in which China threatens the United States , even reviving the Committee on the Present Danger . Alongside these high - level shifts , the American public has grown more concerned about China ’s future impact on the U.
was conducted under the direction of Princeton Survey Research Associates International . Further details on the methodology are in Appendix A at
as well as Middle East and North African countries surveyed , more name the U.S. as a top threat than say the same of China . The opposite is largely true in the Asia - Pacific countries , where many more name China as a top threat , including 40 % of Australians , 50 % of Japanese and 62 % of Filipinos . These countries are also among those that are most
) and Jacinda Ardern ( @jacindaardern ) , respectively
.S. have become much more common there . And President Trump gets more - positive reviews in Russia than either of his predecessors
those in Florida are more likely to be immigrants , younger and college graduates . They are also less likely to be proficient in English . ( See table below for more information . ) But Florida ’s Latino eligible voters are far from a monolith in terms of their background . For example , while 76 % of Venezuelan and 74 % of Colombian eligible voters were naturalized citizens as of 2018 , the share was much lower among
– especially in recent months – interest in campaign news has been comparable to interest in the 2008 race . Four years ago , the percentage following presidential election news very closely dipped following the early primary fights between Barack Obama
% of registered voters support the Republican candidate in their district or lean Republican , while 43 % favor the
. 27 % ) . The survey was conducted March 10 to 16 , after the United States recorded its first coronavirus death but before Congress started debating a roughly $ 2 trillion economic stimulus that could send checks of around $ 1,200 to taxpayers to soften the economic blow . The survey also found that Hispanics might be financially more vulnerable than other Americans if the coronavirus forces them to stop working . Around two - thirds of employed Hispanic adults ( 66 % ) say they would not get paid if the coronavirus caused them to miss work for two weeks or more , including about half ( 47 % ) who say it would be difficult to
.g. United Church of Christ ) traditions are counted in the Religious Landscape Study as evangelical Protestants and mainline Protestants , respectively , not as members of the historically black Protestant tradition . While Muslims make up a relatively small proportion of both the U.S. general public and the black population , they ( like Protestants ) are more numerous among blacks ( 2 % ) than among the overall public ( 1 % ) . Black men are significantly more likely than women to say they are Muslim ( 4 % vs. 1 % ) . While blacks are more likely than whites to be Protestant or Muslim , they are
. Even so , 54 % considered cyberattacks from China a
’s a sign the strengthening economy is making people who ’ve been on the economic sidelines confident enough about their job prospects to start looking again . January was the seventh straight month in which re - entrants outnumbered people who ’d been fired , permanently laid off or otherwise lost their jobs permanently . Last month ,   26.5 % of   the unemployed were in this category ; their share   has   been steadily shrinking for four - and
two - decade high , the share prioritizing gun rights has fallen five percentage points , while the percentage saying it is more important to control gun ownership has increased four points . The balance of opinion on whether it is more important to control gun ownership or protect gun rights has been more closely divided in recent years than it was in the early 2000s or 1990s . From 1993 - 2008 , majorities said it was
- terror efforts in PEJ ’s analysis . ) Coverage of this story – which centered on security procedures at the nation ’s airports , the suspect ’s indictment and concerns about why he had not been flagged earlier as a potential danger – was especially heavy on network and cable television . While 26 % of Americans say they tracked the debate over health care legislation more closely than any other story last week , coverage of news related to the debate was limited . It accounted for just 4 % of the newshole examined by PEJ . News about the economy – the most closely followed story for 17
in Britain , 25 % in Spain and 19 % in Germany . Younger French Muslims are
. News reports about swine flu and the availability of a vaccine were followed very closely by about a quarter of the public ( 26 % ) , while 9 % named news about swine flu as their top story of the week . The media devoted 3 % of newshole to the story . The public paid relatively little attention to reports about CIA interrogation methods and an investigation into alleged abuse of terrorism suspects . About two - in - ten (
about one - in - six news stories about the president or the administration ( 16
the recession . But this trend in teen birth rates has continued even as the economy has recovered , and birth rates for teens have fallen faster than they have for all women ages 15 to 44 ( 58 % and 4 % declines , respectively , from 2008 to 2018 ) . What else may be contributing to the decline in teen birth rates ? Less sex , use of more effective contraception and more information about pregnancy prevention . For one thing , there has been a significant decline in the
born at a
About a third of the public ( 34 % ) says they followed news about the situation in Egypt very closely ; about four - in - ten ( 39 % ) said
and energy issues . Seventy - one percent of Democrats and independents who lean to the Democratic Party say Earth is getting warmer because of human activity
will likely have to support fewer dependents . 61Population 2050 : The global population is expected to increase by 38 % , from 6.9 billion in 2010 to 9.6 billion in 2050 . The population of children younger than 15 is projected to   increase by only 10 % , a consequence of
- profile libertarian minority . How , and if the party broadens its national base and moderates its image will be crucial factors affecting both who will be the nominee and how well he or she will fare . Stay Tuned !
the Greeks and Italians have less belief in the benefits of economic union than do the French . The French now have less faith in the European Union as an institution than do the Italians or the Spanish . And the French , like their southern European compatriots , have lost confidence in their elected leader . Compounding their doubts about the Brussels - based European Union , Europeans are losing faith in the capacity of their own national leaders to cope with the economy ’s woes . In most countries
, some respondents identified tensions even in avowedly “ gay - friendly ” churches .   One 49 - year - old lesbian told us she was a youth leader in her church , which permits lesbians and gay men to be ordained . But , she said , she has n’t come out to anyone at her church ( though she suspects both pastors have guessed ) because “ it would be an issue for some people in the church and I
and Republican - leaning independents approve of the health care law passed by President Barack Obama
end - of - life medical care . Equally strong majorities of Republicans , Democrats and independents approve of laws that let patients decide about being kept alive through medical treatment . Similarly , views about whether under certain circumstances a patient should be allowed to die do not differ by party . Race and religious affiliation are much more strongly linked to attitudes about the right to die . Among whites , 75 % say that there are some circumstances where a patient should be
for the U.S. Puerto Rican population , though , mask substantial differences in the growth and demographic profiles of those born on the mainland versus those born on the island . The growth in the stateside Puerto Rican population has been driven mainly by mainland - born Puerto Ricans , whose numbers rose 67 % from 2000 to 2012 , compared with 11 % for island - born Puerto Ricans during that period . Mainland - born Puerto Ricans are younger and have higher household incomes , and their children or elderly are less likely to be in poverty . They are more likely to have attended college than
a more aggressive approach to protecting their digital data ? When we asked respondents to tell us in their own words ,
, public views of how he has handled his transition to the White House are the lowest for any president dating back to George H.
with self - care and independent living .   Other surveys with different definitions have estimated that a considerably larger share of Americans have disabilities . ) Here are seven facts about Americans with
went up among households headed by someone ages 45 to 64 , rising from 22 % of households in 2006 to 28 % in 2016 . But among the oldest Americans – those 65 or older – the rental rate remained steady at around 20 % . Black and Hispanic households continue to be about twice as likely as white households to rent their homes . In 2016 , 58 % of black household heads and 54 % of Hispanic household heads were renting their homes , compared with 28 % of whites . But all major racial and ethnic groups were more likely to rent in 2016 than a decade earlier . The
of Rousseff , who represents the Workers ’ Party
does too little ( 29 % ) and too much ( 27 % ) for younger people , while 36 % say it provides about the right amount of help . In addition , there are sizable age differences in views of government help for younger
they have Hispanic ancestors ( a parent , grandparent , great grandparent or earlier ancestor ) but do not self - identify as Hispanic , the vast majority – 81 % – say they have never thought of themselves as Hispanic , according to a Pew Research Center survey of the group . When asked why this is the case in an open - ended follow - up question , the single most common response ( 27 % ) was that their Hispanic ancestry is too far back or their background is mixed . These findings emerge from two Pew Research Center national surveys that explored attitudes and experiences about Hispanic identity among two
become vital channels for Americans ’ daily interactions . Users rely on these platforms to keep in touch with family and friends , gather information and share what is important to them . This report explores how parents – 75 % of whom use social media – turn to social media for parenting - related information and social support.1 Social media networks are host to a wide range of human experiences ; they help connect people with one another in both good times and bad . Parents – in this study defined as those with children under 18 – are especially likely to try to respond to the good news others post , answer others
. The Senate , which elects members to six - year terms , has seen little change in the total number or the party affiliation of Catholics in recent Congresses . About a fifth of Senate Republicans were Catholic in 2009 and similar share are Catholic today . Note : Due to the resignation of Michael G. Grimm ( R - N.Y. ) , this analysis includes one fewer Catholic Republican in the House compared with our initial report on the religious affiliation of the 114th Congress
on Late Show with David Letterman , and Thompson followed up an online video
- in - ten adults on Twitter say they are Democrats or lean toward the Democratic Party , compared with 52 % of all Americans , according to the late 2018 survey . And on an 11 -
– just 26 % of South Africans think their country needs more foreign aid . 3Africans continue to say their countries face a variety of challenges . Despite the optimism about the economic future , people still have many economic concerns – for instance , a median of 88 % say the lack of employment opportunities is a very big problem . And when asked about six potential areas for improvement , beyond strictly economic issues , many identify health care and education as top
- in - five adults whose annual household income falls below $ 30,000 are smartphone - only internet users , compared with only 4 % of those living in households earning $ 100,000 or more . 6More than half of smartphone owners say they get news alerts on their phones , but few get these alerts frequently . Some 55 % of smartphone owners say they ever get news alerts on their phones ’ screens , according to a
, with 56 % saying he would be terrible . Democrats have
of time their teen can go online , regardless of behavior . Moreover , parents of younger teens are especially likely to place limits on their teen ’s internet use . 3Many parents know the passwords to their teen ’s various accounts and devices , but knowing your teen ’s log - in information is not universal . Nearly half ( 48 % ) of parents say they know the password to their teen ’s email account while 43 % are privy to their teen ’s
, 63 % of Republicans held an unfavorable view of China , compared with 54 % of
for cell phones , and 18 years for color TV . Each of those technologies , like broadband , represented an upgrade from a good or service with which most consumers had experience . The nature of unmet demand has several dimensions . There are two large segments of the population without broadband : those who are not internet users , and those who have home internet access , but use dial - up connections . Some 29 % of Americans do not use the internet , and 15 % have dial - up internet access from home.2 Non - internet users as a group are disproportionately old and
. The survey also finds that using the internet – like many other forms of communication technology – is significantly more common among young people ( see here for data on age differences for several key technology usage questions ) . In 14 of 24 nations , at least half of 18 - 29 year - olds say they are online . Internet use is also correlated with national income , as richer nations tend to have a higher percentage of internet users . Similarly , smartphone ownership is more common in countries with higher
just about half say this today ( 49 % ) compared with 63 % in May 2015 . By contrast , seven - in - ten moderate and liberal Republicans now say homosexuality should be accepted ( 71 % ) , which is little changed since
that roughly three - quarters or more of the public in Lebanon , Tunisia , Jordan , Israel , Egypt and the Palestinian
% for the native born . And among the native born , the second generation , who have at least one parent born outside of the U.S. , are less
. A 2010 Pew Research Center study on Americans ’ news media habits found that 43 % of regular Daily Show viewers said
- born legal residents ” refers to persons who indicate they are foreign born and who say they have a green card or have been approved for one . “ Foreign born who are not legal residents and not U.S. citizens ” refers to persons who indicate they are foreign born and who say they do not have a green card and have not been approved for one . Language dominance is a composite measure based on self - described assessments of speaking and reading abilities . “ Spanish - dominant ” persons are more proficient in Spanish than in English , i.e. , they speak and read Spanish “ very well ”
still concerned about economic threats posed by China – especially the amount of U.
their country should deal with its own problems and let other countries deal with their
:   Despite the fact that most mothers in the U.S. work at least part time , 60 % of Americans
if people leaving for jobs in other countries posed a problem for India , more than six - in - ten ( 64 % ) said this type of emigration was a problem , including nearly half ( 49 % ) saying it is a very big problem . Although outmigration itself may not be viewed
. This suggests that while the public is still aware that U.S. forces remain in Afghanistan
in the past , a substantial majority of Americans agree that “ the
1 The Great Recession triggered a steep , two - year decline in employment . From a peak of 145.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 , overall employment fell to a low of 138.1 million by the fourth quarter of 2009.2 The labor market has since been on the mend , and in the two - year period ending in the fourth quarter of 2011 , employment rose to
. The sample also is weighted to match current patterns of telephone status and relative usage of landline and cell phones ( for those with both ) , based on extrapolations from the 2010 National Health Interview Survey . The weighting procedure also accounts for the fact that respondents with both landline and cell phones have a greater probability of being included in the combined sample and adjusts
was 4.47 projected lifetime births per woman , but 2.03 among G7 nations . The gap between global fertility rates and those of the G
Americans have been following news about the coronavirus outbreak very closely , including 50 % of black adults , 46 % of white adults and 43 % of Hispanic adults , according to the survey , conducted April 20 - 26 , 2020 , as part
demographic characteristics of the American flock that Pope
ch.org/internet . Lee Rainie , Director , Pew Internet & American Life
A new Pew Research Center survey , conducted Feb. 18 - March 2 , examines what Americans have heard and think about a host of election - related topics , from Trump ’s acquittal in the Senate to the ( rapidly shrinking ) field of Democratic presidential contenders to the spread of made - up news
are little changed since 2015 . The survey finds little change in recent years in people ’s views about the fairness of their own tax burden . Just over half ( 54 % ) say they pay about the right amount in taxes , considering what they get from the federal government , while 40 % say they pay more than their fair share . Only 5 % say they pay less than what they should . Overall , attitudes about personal tax burden have changed very little since 2010 . In
say they want to cooperate more with the U.S. has increased nine points since 2018 . At that time , fully 47 % wanted to cooperate less with America . One area of convergence is the broad support in both the U.S. and Germany for more cooperation with France and Japan . And similar majorities in the U.S.
. Most African Americans , on the other hand , say the announcement did not alter their opinion of Obama . About two - thirds ( 68 % ) say this , while about as many say it made them view Obama more favorably ( 16 % ) as less favorably ( 13 % ) . Obama ’s expression of support for gay marriage comes at a time when the public ’s support for allowing gays and lesbians to marry is growing . According to a recent Pew Research survey , 47 % now say they favor allowing gay marriage while 43 % oppose this . In 2008 ,
that political instability will get better . While the impact of the recent charge against the president and other ongoing investigations remains to be seen , 86 % of Brazilians say political instability is a big problem for their
“ stands above ” all other countries . Immigration . Democratic voters overwhelmingly say that the growing number of newcomers to the U.S. does more to strengthen U.S. society than threaten traditional American customs and values . But the candidates ’ supporters differ on whether illegal immigration is a problem for the U.S. Majorities of Bloomberg ( 61 % ) and Biden supporters ( 59 % ) say illegal immigration is a very big or moderately big problem for the country
together accounted for 17.3
are more concerned that the U.S. will not go far enough in stopping Islamic militants . The new national survey
their views upsetting or offensive , than it is to ensure that students are n’t exposed to views they find upsetting or offensive , even if that limits what people are allowed to say ( 11 % chose this response ) . Republicans and Democrats are largely in agreement on this issue – 91 % of Republicans and 86 % of Democrats say it ’s more important to allow people to speak freely . Note : See topline results and methodology   here   (
- language questionnaire . The bureau identified about 1.9 million people with Arab ancestry living in the United States in 2014 , but advocacy groups have suggested that the number may be much higher . Among those who speak Arabic at home , 38 % were not proficient in English – that is , they report speaking English less than “ very well . ” This is comparable to the rate of English proficiency among the 39.3 million U.S. residents who speak
Some 61 % of parents of a child age 11 or younger say they have received advice or information about screen time from a doctor or other medical professional and 55 % say the same about other parents , while 45 % of parents of a child age 5 to 11 have turned to teachers for help . Parents overall are also apprehensive about the long - term effects of smartphones on children ’s development : 71 % believe the widespread use of smartphones by young
The top five languages spoken at home among immigrants outside of Spanish are English only ( 17 % ) , followed by Chinese ( 6 % ) , Hindi ( 5 % ) , Filipino / Tagalog ( 4 % ) and French ( 3 % ) . Around 337,000 immigrants were deported from the U.S. in fiscal 2018 , up since 2017 . Overall , the Obama administration deported about 3 million immigrants between 2009 and 2016 , a significantly higher
use Twitter on their phones , and 15 % do so on a typical day . African
% of those ages 65 and older say all Americans should have the right to have negative media coverage removed from online searches
were asked whether they had favorable views of refugees living in their country , while in Colombia , Venezuela and Vietnam they were asked about migrants.1 Across these seven countries , those who had more positive views of particular migrant or refugee groups were also more likely to say increasing levels of diversity in the country are good . Although this relationship is consistent across the countries in the study , views of refugees or migrants vary markedly across the countries surveyed . For example , in Mexico , Colombia and Lebanon , around half or more rated refugees or migrants unfavorably . In recent years , both Mexico and Colombia have seen
has n’t gone far enough in giving women equal rights with men . Here are some key takeaways from
increasing security along the U.S.-Mexico border to reduce illegal crossings is a very or somewhat important goal . Apprehensions at the U.S.-Mexico border increased markedly in 2019 . Fewer than half of Latinos ( 41 % ) say increasing deportations of immigrants in the country illegally is an important policy goal . Just 35 % of Hispanic immigrants say this , compared with about half of U.S.-born Hispanics ( 48 % ) . Immigrants and the U.S. born rate the other immigration policy goals in the survey similarly . Democrats outnumber Republicans by nearly two - to -
have roughly similar perceptions of how nuclear power impacts air pollution . Some of President Donald Trump ’s first actions in office included the promise of a shift in government regulatory policy on energy and the environment . The Trump administration has already implemented several changes to environmental regulations , including revoking a restriction on coal plants prohibiting dumping of wastewater into public waterways and ending the freeze on new leases for coal mining on public land . Trump ’s proposed budget cuts to the Environmental Protection Agency suggest more changes could be still to come . Overall , 54 % of Americans say the Trump administration is doing too little to
. In addition , those who are Democrats or who lean Democratic are far more likely than Republicans and GOP leaners ( 68 % vs. 30 % ) to say transgender people should be able to use the bathroom that fits their gender identity . In addition , people who say they personally know someone who is transgender are more likely than those who do not to say transgender people should be allowed to use public bathrooms that match their current gender identity ( 60 %
aimed at helping adults and teens monitor and manage their online usage . As they look at their own
the majority of those who participated in the rioting that swept through several cities beginning in late October of last year . In the Pew survey , views on the scarf ban were closely tied to overall attitudes toward Muslims , with those with negative views of Muslims far more inclined to embrace the ban than those with more positive views . For example , in Great Britain , 55 % of those with an unfavorable view of Muslims favored a scarf ban compared with 23 % of those who expressed a positive view of Muslims . A similar pattern emerged in Germany , the Netherlands and Spain while in France ,
much more complex tasks : Americans with relatively low levels of educational attainment tend to lean heavily on their smartphones for online
religion in their country . While this is the largest political divide measured , substantial differences exist between left and right in
s job approval rating has declined since the spring . Currently , 39 % of U.S. adults say they approve of how he is handling his job as president , while 59 % say they disapprove . In March and April of this year , during the early stages of the COVID-19 outbreak in the U.S. , larger shares said they approved of Trump ’s job performance ( 45 % and 44 % , respectively ) . While Trump ’s job rating has declined in recent months , it has now returned to about where it had been throughout much of his presidency . The recent decline in Trump ’s
” are used interchangeably in this report to denote adults living in the U.S. who are ages 65 and
Research Center survey this spring found support for the Affordable Care Act had declined among Hispanics . In March , Hispanics were evenly divided on the issue , with 47 % approving of the law and 47 % opposing it . Six months earlier , approval was at 61 % . Health care has consistently ranked as a top issue for Hispanics . In 2013 , 41 % of Latino adults said the issue was an “ extremely important ” issue facing the country today . Only the
be so bright for ordinary people : Majorities of Japanese say growing reliance on robots and computers will lead to joblessness and income inequality . And less than half the public is satisfied with the way democracy is working in Japan , while more than half hold the view that politicians do
growing partisan polarization in views of Pope Francis , with Catholic Republicans holding less favorable views of the pontiff than Catholic Democrats . That polarization persists today , with roughly nine - in - ten ( 87 % ) Catholic Democrats and Democratic leaners viewing Francis favorably compared with 71 % among Catholic Republicans and Republican leaners . A majority ( 59 % ) of religious “ nones ” – those who describe their religious affiliation as atheist , agnostic or “ nothing in
a little ” about the issue , compared with 89 % of U.S. adults . Like the general public , Hispanics — a diverse group that includes people with roots in more than 20 countries — give the president low marks on his handling of the surge of children . Some 46 % of Hispanics disapprove and 34 % approve of the president ’s handling of the issue , while Americans overall disapprove of the president ’
the elections in Egypt were their top story last week . The elections made up 5 % of coverage . These findings are based on the most recent installment of the weekly News Interest Index , an ongoing project of the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press . The index , building on the Center ’s longstanding research into public attentiveness to major news stories , examines news interest as it relates to the news media ’s coverage . The weekly survey is conducted in conjunction with The Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , which monitors the news reported by major newspaper , television , radio and online
. As recently as the spring of
consistent with these recent migration trends . For more information about the unauthorized immigrant population in the United Kingdom or other EU - EFTA countries , see the Center ’s full
when it comes to protecting the
the Congress Party for the Republic garner similar scores . Only about a quarter of Tunisians ( 26 % ) rate these groups
are little different than in early 2014 , when 50 % said the decision to use force was wrong and 38 % said it was right . Support for the decision
s ’ distance to a major Chinese investment in their country – in this case , a segment of the Lagos - Kano Standard Gauge Railway – and their views
. In previous polls going back to the spring of 2004 , about half of respondents could correctly estimate the number of U.S. fatalities around the time
a clear majority ( 58 % ) had a favorable view of unions while just 31 % had an unfa
a large percentage of respondents ( 62 % ) offer no opinion on this question . Opinions are also strongly related to age . In 14 nations , people ages 18 - 29 are more likely than those 50 or older to believe an uncensored internet is important . Age gaps of 20 percentage points or more are found in Russia , Lebanon , Tunisia , Bolivia and Senegal . These age differences suggest that support for internet freedom will only become more widespread with the passage of time . Nonetheless , people ages 50 and older do tend to support internet freedom . In most countries surveyed , a majority of this age group says having
. In addition to being more familiar with the candidates , conservative Republicans generally offer
urban , suburban and rural counties , according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of U.
since 2002 , with a 9 - point drop this year compared with 2015 . In Japan , on the other hand , favorability declined during the Bush years , peaked in 2011 at 85 % and fell to 57 % in 2017 . Use this interactive to explore global opinions of the United States and confidence in its president since 2002
, positive views of the U.S. climbed in Europe and other regions , as did trust in how the new president would handle world affairs . Even though the 2017 shift in views of the U.S. and its president is in the opposite direction compared with eight years ago , publics on balance are not necessarily convinced that this will affect bilateral relations with the U.S. The prevailing view among the 37 countries surveyed is that their country ’s
For most publics included in the survey , a familiar complaint about American foreign
on the Center ’s longstanding research into public attentiveness to major news stories , examines news interest as it relates to the news media ’s
attributing their non - adoption to computers being too expensive . In each case , both of these shares were higher in 2015 ( 33 % and 10 %
with sexual misconduct . And , when Time magazine selected its “ Person of the Year ” in December , the winner was not one person but the broad range of people who came forward . Pew Research Center surveys underscored the breadth of these experiences , as well as the public ’s attitudes toward them . In a poll conducted in early fall , about four - in - ten U.S
them and how they see the movement , according to a new Pew Research Center survey . About six - in - ten U.S. women today say “ feminist ” describes them very ( 19 % ) or somewhat ( 42 % ) well . But the degree to which women consider themselves feminist differs substantially by age ,
of the bias caused by excluding the non - Web respondents is quite small . Across 406 separate survey items , only nine yielded estimates that differed by 5 or more percentage points . More than two - thirds of the 406 items yielded estimates with a 0 or 1 point difference . This is a consequence of the fact that the non - Web survey group is a small share of the total population , as well as the fact that the size of the differences between the Web and non -
. Six - in - ten adults say the amount of gun violence in video games contributes a great deal or a fair amount to gun violence in the country today , according to the Center ’s 2017 survey . Among adults ages 65 and older , 82 % say video game gun violence contributes a great deal or a fair amount to the country ’s gun violence – nearly double the share of those ages 18 to 29 ( 42 % )
Washington to resume work on gun control and immigration legislation , the public is paying far closer attention to news about the gun control debate than news about the debate over immigration policy . A national survey by the Pew Research Center , conducted April 4 - 7 among 1,003 adults , finds 37 % say they are following the debate over gun control very closely . That compares with just 23 % who say they are very closely following news about debate over immigration policy . Among this week ’s stories , only military threats made by North Korea and its plan to restart a nuclear reactor drew about as much
administration ’s projection that the federal deficit will hit $ 1.75 trillion this year as Washington implements programs intended to steady troubled business sectors , boost employment and spur lending
do not own guns . And Democratic gun - owners are about twice
survey data measuring public interest in the top news stories of the week were collected June 23 - 26 from a nationally representative sample of 1,005
.S. Hispanic immigrant population
action on immigration draws more intense opposition ( 39 % disapp
. On the other , Cuban Americans and their politics are also changing . This group increasingly leans
made it harder for them to advance in
s and the younger age cohorts . And many Boomers express reservations about the changing face of America . Like younger generations , many Boomers say they are dissatisfied with their financial situation and their anxieties about retirement have increased . In a survey conducted last year , a majority of Boomers ( 54 % ) said they were in worse shape financially than they were before the recession . Today , 38 % say they are not confident that they will have enough income and
“ stands above ” all other countries . Immigration . Democratic voters overwhelmingly say that the growing number of newcomers to the U.S. does more to strengthen U.S. society than threaten traditional American customs and values . But the candidates ’ supporters differ on whether illegal immigration is a problem for the U.S. Majorities of Bloomberg ( 61 % ) and Biden supporters ( 59 % ) say illegal immigration is a very big or moderately big problem for the country
- in - ten among the black public say that they are very patriotic , though that high proportion is topped by the nine - in - ten among the white public who profess a high degree of patriotism . People ’s feelings toward the country and attitudes about the appropriate role of government may often be influenced by their own personal circumstances . In polling samples , as in government statistics , blacks tend to have lower incomes than whites . It is thus possible that racial divides on such issues may be at
- digit edge going back to when this question was first asked more than 25 years ago
their religion is atheist , agnostic or “ nothing in particular ” – roughly a quarter say their faith has n’t changed much ( 26 % ) , while the majority say they were not religious to begin with ( 65 % ) . The most religious Americans – those who frequently pray and attend services ( at least in typical times ) , and who rate religion as very important to them – are far more likely than others to say their
% and 70 % of adults , respectively , have a favorable view . Majorities in Japan ( 60 % ) and Australia ( 58 % ) also look favorably on the EU , though the share with a positive opinion is lower in Indonesia ( 45 % , with another 33 % offering no opinion ) . In Ukraine , which the EU considers a priority partner , 79 % are positive toward the EU despite their country not being a member . Ukrainians who speak only Ukrainian at home ( 88 % ) are most favorable toward the EU , though those who speak only Russian ( 71 % ) or both Ukrainian
was in the field when a new federal
% majority of Americans say most or all of their family members share their political views – yet relatively few people ( 22 % ) say “
. The share of Republicans who say the deficit affects their finances a lot has
to the outcome of the Peterson trial
more than 30 % of student - loan borrowers who moved into their repayment cycles were delinquent ( that is , they ’re 90 days or more behind in their payments ) , up from 20
There is widespread support for increased economic and political ties with Washington ; enthusiasm for similar relations with mainland China is much more muted . Still , even as people are
. A median of 50 % use
the U.S. military presence in Germany as very important to American national security . Germans , for their part , see the two countries ’ relationship as strained
also have long expressed positive views of the federal government ’s performance in several specific areas . And majorities want the government to play a major role on everything from keeping the country safe from terrorism to ensuring access to health care and alleviating poverty
VoIP service . Many users cite that VoIP ’s attractive price as one of its benefits . At the same time , users expressed the desire for a wider range of services , such as caller identification , video capability , three - way calling , and directory service . Again , this suggests a high tolerance among those trying the new service for service shortcomings ; some of the desired
Turkey should join the organization . Turks are divided on the direction of their country . Roughly half ( 51 % ) are
, with 62 % expressing little or no confidence . The EU gets even lower ratings than the U.S. Only one - third of Greeks have a positive opinion of the EU , with 65 %
. About a quarter ( 26 % ) say it would be
Around one - third of those ages 18 - 44 have used four or more of these services , and relatively few in this age range have no exposure at all to these
. ” Meanwhile , a minority of Americans think these companies can be trusted to do the right thing just about always ( 3 % ) or most of the time ( 25 % ) , and roughly half the public ( 51 % ) thinks they should be regulated more than they are now . These are among the key findings of this Pew Research Center survey , conducted May 29 - June 11 among 4,594 U.S. adults . As technology companies have taken on an increasingly central role in the media landscape and broader economy , they have been drawn into a number of controversies relating
Center . 2007 . “ 2007 National Survey of Latinos : As Illegal Immigration Issue Heats Up , Hispanics Feel a Chill . ” Washington , DC : Pew Research Center ’s Hispanic Trends Project , December . https://www.pewresearch.org/hispanic/2007/12/13/2007-national-survey-of-latinos-as-illegal-immigration-issue-heats-up-hispanic
a deeply divisive one along party lines — by a 72%-
in terms of disposable ( after - tax ) household income , with the exception of
empty
too much coverage ) . Nonetheless , the more than one -
, according to a Kaiser Family Foundation survey conducted in mid - October . Another 18 % say Congress should scale back what it does , 5 % want the law implemented and 8 % would like to see it expanded . Among all Americans , there ’s far less support for repealing the law ( 32 % ) , and more than a quarter of the public ( 28 % ) wants to see it expanded . Republicans also are not fans of Obama ’s Iran deal . Roughly
at least 25 % of the story is about that figure . 2See
grew by less than 1 % per year over the same period . Only Asian Americans have seen faster population growth than Hispanics , increasing by 2.4 % per year between 2015 and 2019 . ( All racial groups refer to single race non - Hispanics
as excellent ( 16 % ) or
have n’t served . Still
a mix of good and bad news , while 12 % say they are hearing mostly good news about jobs . However , perceptions of news about prices
to news about the IRS losing employee emails . The new national survey by the Pew Research Center conducted among 1,002 adults finds that fewer Americans tracked news about the World Cup
July 1996 ( 22
- style democracy . While publics around the world generally endorse broad democratic principles , they offer mixed views regarding American ideas about democracy : Globally , a median of 43 % say they like these ideas , while 46 % say they dislike them . As with several other aspects of U.S. soft power , U.S.-style democracy is particularly popular in the African and Asian nations surveyed . Respondents were asked whether , now that Trump is president , they think relations between their country and the U.S. will improve over the next few years , get worse , or stay about the
the largest generational bloc of actual voters . It is one thing to be eligible to vote and another thing to actually cast a ballot
contrast , moderate and liberal Republicans hold quite different views : More offer warm ( 49 % ) than cold ( 20 % ) assessments of professors . Views of college professors are warmer among college graduates , and this is the case within both parties . Yet Republican views of professors are far more negative than Democratic views across all levels of education . Overall , 43 % of Republican college graduates offer a warm rating of professors , while about as many ( 40 %
a very bad ( 38 % ) or somewhat bad ( 27 % ) job dealing with the increased number of people seeking asylum at the U.S.-Mexico border
. While there is not clear majority support among either party for this , Democrats and independents who lean toward the Democratic Party are more likely than their Republican and Republican - leaning counterparts to believe that the government should have a role in providing these services . Roughly half of Democrats ( 52 % ) say the federal government has a responsibility to ensure that all Americans have a high - speed internet connection at home during the COVID-19 outbreak , while just 22 %
in their lifetimes . Currently , 44 % name Obama as their first or second choice for having done the best job of any president of their lifetimes , while 33 % name Clinton , 32 % Reagan and 19 % Trump . In 2011 , 49 % said Clinton had been one of the top
) says the NR
as defined by the Census Bureau ( 13
. This is lower than in 2008 , when 79 % were registered to vote and
it is more critical to be close to the U.S. , while only 24 % say China is more important ( 18 % volunteer both ) . On the other hand , 44 % of Americans say the relationship with China is more important , and an almost equal share says Germany is ( 41 % ) . 7 An overwhelming
. For years , the Pew Research Center has estimated the size and characteristics of the U.S. unauthorized immigrant population and
’s responsibility (
and Hispanics are also more likely than whites to emphasize the importance of being well educated in order for a man or a woman to be a good spouse or partner . About half of blacks ( 50 % ) and Hispanics ( 49 % ) say that this is very important for a woman , compared with 28 % of whites . Similarly , 49 % of Hispanics and 45 % of blacks say that being well educated is very important for a man , compared with 32 % of whites . Note : See full topline results and methodology here (
at home . Instead , those with smartphones but not home broadband rely
, while the World Cup ranks much lower ; roughly equal shares are looking forward to this summer ’s international soccer tournament ( 22
. The life goals of Latinos overlap with some of these ingredients of the American dream . The two goals rated most highly by Latinos were being a good parent ( 51 % ) and having the resources to provide for their family ( 49 % ) . Owning a home – often seen as a key part of the American dream – was cited by 33 % of Hispanics as an extremely important life goal for them . Other top goals for Hispanics included having a successful marriage ( 30 % ) and being
are very strong than moderate and conservative Democrats ( 75 % vs. 66 % ) . Similarly , conservative Republicans more often say this than moderate and liberal Republicans ( 80 % vs. 65 % ) . Americans are now substantially more likely to see very strong conflicts between Democrats and Republicans than they were in the past . When the Center first asked the question in December 2012 , 47 % of Americans characterized partisan conflicts as very strong . Four years later , in December 2016 , 56 % said this , and 71
who seemed suspicious ( 72
. For many , the prospect of a Clinton presidency may have influenced their responses to this “ hypothetical ” question . Democratic women ( 69
And one - in - ten ( 10 % ) Latinos say the Obama administration has deported fewer unauthorized immigrants than the Bush administration . Disapproval of Obama ’s policy is most widespread among those who are aware that deportations have risen during his tenure . Among this group , more than three - quarters ( 77 % ) disapprove of the way his administration is handling the issue of deportations . Among those who are not aware that an increase has occurred , slightly more than half
where a record 1.3 million migrants , mostly from the war - torn nations of Syria , Afghanistan and Iraq , sought asylum in 2015 . To understand public opinion
Americans disagreed with the statement “
. When asked about the Islamist group Boko Haram , roughly eight - in - ten Nigerian Muslims ( 83 %
the world while an almost equal number ( 35 % ) say it will help ; 23 % say it will have no impact . These are among the major findings from the latest survey of Brazil by the Pew Research Center . The survey is based on face - to - face interviews conducted between April 10 and April 30 , 2014 among a representative sample of 1,003 randomly selected adults from across the country . The survey also finds widespread concern about rising prices : 85 %
’ relative lack of success in organizing service- and information - industry workers . The South long has been the nation ’s   least - unionized region ; all but one state of the old Confederacy had a unionization rate below 6.5 % in 2013 ( in the lone exception , Alabama , 10.7 % of workers belonged to a union , still below the national rate ) . Historically , the South also has been the region least favorably disposed toward organized labor :   In 1987 , according to Pew
- known sources sit toward the top , joined by some less familiar sources .   NPR , for example , is on par with many of the mainstream television outlets on this measure . Among the panelists who have heard of NPR , 55 % trust it . The same is true of 57 % of those who have heard of CNN and 53 % of those who have heard of NBC and of ABC . 3What about the ratio of trust to distrust ?   Another way to think of trust is to compare trust and distrust in a news source . In other words , what is the ratio of people who trust a news
The Gen X workforce back in 2000 had significantly lower levels of educational attainment : 31 % of male 25- to 35 - year - old workers had finished college , as had only 34 % of female workers
. Sharif ’s favorable rating is
( 7 % ) . Even among Republicans themselves the pattern stands . Last
as of June 30 , 2017 , according to a government report . A primary benefit of the programs is lawful permanent residence , which allows a person to live and work in the U.S. and offers a path to citizenship . To start the application process , applicants must submit several documents to the U.S. Embassy in their home country : proof of U.S. government employment , evidence of imminent threats due to their work and a letter of recommendation from a supervisor , as well as birth certificates and other documents for themselves and family members . Applicants and their family members must then
effect on the way things are going in the country , while just 36
In the current Congress , 20 % of senators and 19 % of representatives had prior military service , down drastically from just a few decades ago . The share of senators who are veterans reached a post - Korean War peak
only 16 % of Indians say that they use the internet at least occasionally or own a smartphone . Of these
of Latinos among immigrant eligible voters . About 54 % of naturalized citizens who are eligible voters in Florida are Latino , the highest in the nation . Texas ( 52 % ) is the only other state
the U.S. trade embargo against Cuba . Notably , some of the most
- described “
. Currently , 48 % say the internet is their main source – up 16 points from 2007 – and 63 % cite television – down eight points . The internet also has grown as a news source for people ages 50 to 64 ; currently 34 % say the internet is their main source of national and international news , nearly equal to the number who cite newspapers ( 38 % ) , though still far below television ( 71 % ) . There has been relatively little change in the how people age 65
56.2 % of adults were U.S. citizens , the lowest share among the six subgroups studied in detail . 2   Indian Americans are among the most highly educated racial or ethnic groups in the U.S. 70 % of Indian Americans aged 25 and older had college degrees in 2010 , by far the highest rate among the six Asian - American groups studied and 2.5 times the rate among the overall U.S. population . More recent ( 2013 ) data from
declined in recent years , adding to population loss . Economic opportunity is one of the primary drivers for moving to the U.S. mainland , according to Census Bureau data . Among island - born Puerto Ricans who moved to the mainland , 40 % said they left mainly for job - related reasons , while 39 % cited family - related reasons . The island ’s sustained outmigration and low fertility rates have helped push its population below 1990 levels , when 3.52 million people lived on the island . For now , the island remains above its 1980 population of 3.2 million
the U.S. ( 58 % unfavorable ) , NATO ( 50 % ) and the European Union ( 49 % ) . Still , a majority in Turkey ( 55 % ) favor joining the EU , a figure that has not changed much in the last five years . And 54 % say that Turkey should be more respected around the world than it currently is . These are among the main findings of a recent Pew Research Center survey conducted April 5 to May 15 , 2015 among 947 respondents in Turkey . The survey was conducted via face - to - face interviews before the June parliamentary elections and
itive name . Nearly six - in - ten ( 56 % ) say they heard nothing at all about this story . Again , the differences among partisans are narrow . Despite the economy ’s continuing troubles , more people now say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy than said so in August when negative impressions soared . In the latest survey , 58 % say they are hearing mostly bad economic news while 39 % say they are hearing a
of independents who view both parties negatively has declined in recent years . At one point in 2015 , more than a third of independents ( 36 % ) viewed both parties unfavorably . Most of the change since then has come among Republican - leaning independents , who feel much more positively about the GOP than they did then . In July 2015 , just 44 % of GOP leaners had a favorable opinion of the Republican Party ; 47 % had an unfavorable view of both parties . Today , a majority of GOP leaners view the Republican Party favorably ( 55 % ) , while just 24 %
- quarters of Muslim American adults ( 75 % ) say there is “ a lot ” of discrimination against Muslims in the U.S. , a view shared by nearly seven - in - ten adults in the general public ( 69 % ) . In addition , half of U.S. Muslim adults ( 50 % ) say that in recent years it has become more difficult to be a Muslim in the U.S. , with 10 % of this group attributing this to discrimination ,
is a challenge for them , Pew Research Center has found . Fully half of working
% ) . Similarly , the Spanish were nearly evenly divided , with 49 % favoring engagement and 47 % taking an isolationist approach . In France , where a majority continues to take an isolationist view , even more ( 65 % ) did so a year ago . In the U.
a previous low in support for increased nuclear power recorded in September 2005 ( 39 % favor , 53 % oppose ) . The latest national survey by the Pew Research Center for
– before the coronavirus pandemic shook up the dating scene . Here are some additional key findings
the decline in unionization has been mostly bad for working people , while 35 % regarded it as mostly good . More recently , 45 % of respondents in a July 2019 survey said labor unions have a positive effect on the way things are going in the country ; 28 % described their impact as negative . 2Americans generally like unions and broadly support the right of workers to unionize . A majority ( 55 % ) holds a favorable view of unions , versus 33 %
- in - ten or more whites ( 64 % ) and Hispanics ( 60 % ) say they favor allowing same - sex couples to be married legally . In 2007 , just 38 % of whites and 37 % of Hispanics supported same - sex marriage . Although blacks remain less likely than whites and Hispanics to favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry , the share who favor gay marriage has also dramatically increased over the past decade : Today 51 % of blacks support same - sex marriage
with a college degree , are opposed to an expanded wall . By contrast , a 57 % majority of those with a high school diploma or less education favor expanding the wall . Note : Full topline results and methodology can be
, 34 % of those 18 to 29 think there has been too
in Syria,4 is viewed unfa
. Obama also gets negative ratings on health care policy ( 37 % approve , 59 % disapprove ) . In January , views of Obama ’s handling of health care policy were mixed ( 45 % approved , 47 % disapproved ) . The administration has come under intense criticism for the flawed roll - out of the Affordable Care Act . In a recent interview with NBC News , Obama apologized to those who have lost their health insurance under the law , despite his assurance
are wide partisan differences over the importance of a number of
. 3Latinos make up
- most votes in the early May
the middle class , compared with 16 % of Democrats who say this about the GOP . Many Democrats – especially conservative and moderate Democrats – fault their party for too often viewing government as the only way to solve problems . Overall , 44 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say
years for men and 28 years for women in 2018 , according to the U.
of Brazilian immigrants and 12 % of both Portuguese and Filipino immigrants identified as Hispanic . But by 2000 , the shares identifying as Hispanic dropped to levels close to those seen today
do n’t know about . ” The Seventh - day Adventist Church , known for its observance of the Sabbath on Saturdays and some other unique beliefs
( 69 % ) followed news about gas prices very closely . This past week
the partisan differences in willingness to engage in such activities remain large – and in some cases have increased sharply . For example , Republicans are now nearly 40 percentage points more likely than Democrats to say they would be comfortable eating out in a restaurant ( 65 % of Republicans vs. 28 % of Democrats ) . In March , the gap was a more modest 13 points ( 29 % of Republicans , 16 %
country ( Pakistan ) . Five African countries are projected to be in the world ’s top 10 countries by population by 2100 . 8India is projected to surpass China as the world ’s most populous country by 2027 . Meanwhile , Nigeria will surpass the U.S. as the third - largest country in the world in 2047 , according to the projections . 9Between 2020 and 2100 , 90 countries are expected to lose population
animal biotechnology to grow organs
7 % of foreign - born Hispanics speak mainly or only English at home ; about half of their adult children do . By contrast , four times as many foreign - born Latinos speak mainly or only English at work ( 29 % ) . Fewer than half ( 43 % ) of foreign - born Latinos speak mainly or only Spanish on the job , versus the three - quarters who do so at home . The main data sources for this report are six surveys conducted for the Pew Hispanic Center from April 2002 to October 2006 . They included interviews with more than 14,000 native - born and foreign - born Latino
– from 69 % among 30- to 49 - year - olds to 92 % of those 65 and older – say journalists have done an excellent or good job covering the George Floyd protests . Among those ages 18 to 29 , 46 % agree with that assessment . With COVID-19 coverage , the percentage of Democrats in the older age groups who say the news media have done very or somewhat well ranges between 82 % and 94 % . Among 18- to 29 - year - olds , it is 68 % . And only 9 % of the youngest Democrats say the media have done very
official about gun policy ( 15 % vs. 8 % ) . By contrast , comparable percentages of gun rights supporters ( 19 % ) and those who prioritize gun control ( 15 % ) say they have expressed their opinion about gun policy on social networks . And about one - in - ten in each group says they have signed a petition on gun policy ( 12 % of gun rights supporters ,
drive climate scientists to conduct their research . Specifically , the survey finds wide political divides in views of the potential for devastation to the Earth ’s ecosystems and what might be done to address any climate impacts . There are also major divides in the way partisans interpret the current scientific discussion over climate , with
of temporary work visas – for example the H-1B visas for high - skilled workers , which is the main pathway for high - skilled workers to gain permanent residency . From fiscal 2010 to 2014 , about 36 % of employment - related green cards – more than 222,000 – were granted to H-1B visa holders , according to a report by the Bipartisan Policy Center that used Department of Homeland Security data obtained under a Freedom of Information Act request . According to its findings , a majority
, four - in - ten ( 39 % ) respondents say that U.S. Latinos of different origins share “ a lot ” of values , while another 39 % say U.S. Latinos share “ some ” values and an additional 19 % say that they share few or no values . By similar shares , Latinos living in this country are divided about how many values they share with Latinos living in their families ’ country of origin . In another
” or do n’t know ) . In surveys going back to last October , neither party has opened up a large lead in the generic ballot . However , those who plan to vote Republican this fall have given more thought than Democratic voters to the midterm elections . Nearly six - in - ten ( 58 % ) Republican voters have given “ quite a lot ” of thought to the elections , compared with 44 % of Democratic voters . At about this point in the 2010 midterms , overall voter preferences also were closely divided . About as many Republicans
are some combination of white , Asian and Native Hawaiian / Pacific Islander . For example , the largest biracial groups in Hawaii are white and Asian ( 18 % ) , Asian and Native Hawaiian / Pacific Islander ( 18 % ) , and white and Native Hawaiian / Pacific Islander ( 12 % ) . Interestingly , Hawaii is the only state to have a tri - racial group as its largest multiracial group , one that includes white , Asian and Native Hawaiian /
adults who report using Facebook has increased by 7 percentage points compared with a Pew Research Center survey conducted at a similar point in 2015 . In addition , the share of Facebook users who check in daily has increased slightly in the past year : 76 % of Americans who use Facebook now report that they visit the site on a daily basis , up from 70 % in 2015 . What follows is a deeper examination of the current state of the social media landscape in America . Roughly eight - in - ten online Americans ( 79 % ) now use Facebook , a 7 - percentage - point increase from a
they are paying more attention to politics since Donald Trump ’s election ;
% of voters see their vote as one against Obama while 16 % say their vote
. In a spring 2016 survey , three - quarters of Chinese and 68 % of Indians said their country is more influential compared with a decade ago . Such confidence contrasts with
the biggest share of people ages 60 and older , the smallest share of children under 15 and a median age of 43 years . That ’s almost 12 years older than the global median . Of the 20 countries and territories worldwide with the highest median ages , 14 are in Europe – led by Italy , Portugal and Germany . In fact , Italy trails only Japan when it comes to the world ’s highest median age and the share of those ages 60 and older .
the earthquake and tsunami damage at the Fukushima Daiichi plant still ongoing , a majority of Japanese ( 59 % ) are worried that
( 32 % ) . 7While 85 % of Ukrainians would like to remain one , united country , they prefer negotiations as the path leading to such an outcome . Nearly half ( 47 % ) in Ukraine would like to negotiate a settlement with separatists and Russia , while only 23 % would prefer to use military force . Those Ukrainians in the east of the country , living outside of Luhans’k , Donets’k and Crimea , are more likely to want to engage the separatists compared with those living in
) says the NR
this view between 2004 and 2010 , they briefly held the opposite view in July 2013 , shortly after the Snowden leaks . 4At the same time ,   Americans want to control their personal information , but few feel like they are able to . Most say it is important to control who can get their information ( 93 % ) , as well as what information about them is collected ( 90 % ) . But only 9 % say they have a
expressed confidence in him to deal with major issues , and perceptions of him as a ‘ flip - flopper ’ rose noticeably . In contrast , Bush improved his personal image in early September and erased or reduced his rival ’s
are virtually unchanged from last October , though there is less support for alternative energy research and spending on mass transit than from 2005 to 2009 . There has long been a wide gender gap in views of increased use of nuclear power and these differences persist amid the crisis in Japan . By greater than two - to - one ( 63 % to 26 % ) , women oppose promoting the increased use of nuclear power . A narrow majority of men ( 53 % ) favor the increased use of nuclear power , while 42 % are opposed . The proportion of college graduates that supports the expanded use of
, according to a previous analysis
: 66 % of Democrats say the unemployment
share among the U.S. workforce overall . Note : Here are the questions used for this
The Pew Research Center ’s approach to generational analysis involves tracking the same groups of people on a range of issues , behaviors and characteristics . Setting the bounds of generations is a necessary step for this analysis . It is a process that may be informed by a range of factors including demographics , attitudes , historical events , popular culture , and prevailing consensus among researchers . As a result , the lines that define the generations are useful tools for analysis , but they should be thought of as
very or fairly well , and majorities also view the typical American as “ honest ” ( 69 % ) and “ intelligent ” ( 67 %
on science and scientists in areas that connect with Americans ’ daily lives . There are pronounced differences in people ’s views about organic and GM foods that tie to their underlying outlook about food . One is the degree of concern people have about the issue of GM foods and another is the degree
the death penalty does not deter people from committing serious crimes ; 35 % say it does deter serious crime . And about half ( 52 % ) say that minorities are more likely than whites to be sentenced to death for similar crimes ; fewer ( 41 % ) think that whites and minorities are equally likely to be sentenced for similar . The survey also finds that Americans are relatively unaware about whether the number of death penalty executions taking place in the U.S. has
every dollar a man in the same age group made . White and Asian women have narrowed the wage gap with white men to a much greater degree than black and Hispanic women . Women ’s increasing wages have been driven in part by their increased presence in more lucrative occupations . For example , women
% of those with no more than a high school degree . As has been the case throughout Obama ’s presidency , blacks are overwhelmingly positive of his job performance : Currently , 91 % approve of his handling of his job as president . Similarly , the president garners positive ratings among Hispanics . Today , 65 % of Hispanics approve of his job performance . However , whites continue to be more likely to disapprove ( 56 % ) than approve ( 38 % ) of the president ’s performance , as they have been throughout most of his presidency . As in the past , Democrats
began appearing in publications around the 1700s to videocassette dating services that sprang up decades ago , the platforms people use to seek out romantic partners have evolved throughout history . This evolution has continued with the rise of online dating sites and mobile apps . Today , three - in - ten U.
to do these things .   In our surveys , online content refers to updating a Web page , updating a Web diary , or posting thoughts to a chat room or Internet group . For multimedia – downloading music and streaming ( defined as listening to or watching audio / video clips ) – there are substantial gaps between broadband users and the two categories of dial - up users .   Although experienced dial - up users who want broadband are twice as likely other dial - up users to stream ,
( 27 % ) for younger people , while 36 % say it provides about the right amount of help . In addition , there are sizable age differences in views of government help for younger
. Those who identify with Five Star – which focused less on the immigration issue during the campaign – are more divided and much more in line with the views of the rest of Italian society . Among Five Star supporters , 49 % say immigrants are an economic burden , compared with 40 % who say they make the economy stronger . And while a majority of Five Star backers ( 55 % ) say immigrants increase the risk of terrorism in their country , a sizable percentage ( 42 %
About four - in - ten Canadians have favorable views of the U.S. ( 43 % ) , down from 68 % in 2015 . 2In Western European countries , confidence in the U.S. president has declined sharply . Clear majorities in the United Kingdom , France and Germany had at least some confidence in Obama , with shares reaching 93 % in Germany at
vote more often than people who are less likely to take surveys . There is no sign of an increase in nonresponse bias since 2012 . On 13 demographic , lifestyle , and health questions that were compared with benchmarks from high response rate federal surveys , estimates from phone polls are just as accurate , on average , in 2016 as they were in 2012 . The average ( absolute ) difference between the Center
on space exploration .
. As recently as February 2008 , the positions of these two countries were reversed : 41 % named the U.S. , and
. Views of churches ’ impact also are much more positive among those who attend religious services at least occasionally than those who
. About four - in - ten immigrants from El Salvador ( 42 % ) have been in the U.S. for over 20 years . About three - in - ten Salvadoran immigrants ( 31 % ) are U.S. citizens . English proficiency and speaking Spanish at home . According to the ACS , half of Salvadorans speak English proficiently.2 The other half of Salvadorans ages 5 and older report speaking English less than very well , compared with 32 % of all Hispanics . Overall , 89 % of Salvadorans speak Spanish at home , higher than the
have argued that any poll based on registered voters is likely to be biased toward Democratic candidates , since likely voter screens tend to reduce the proportion of Democratic supporters relative
on average on it per day , compared with 43 minutes among fathers . The gender difference persists among parents who say they do not   usually handle meal preparation : Mothers in this category spend an average of 30 minutes on meal prep daily , while fathers spend around 15 minutes . Among parents who grocery shop , meanwhile , the average length of time spent at the grocery store in a day is about the same for both moms and dads ( roughly 45 minutes each ) . In households
as other reports and
such a lack of agreement about acceptable solutions . When the public was asked in March to volunteer the most important problem facing the nation , only unemployment and the economy were
Americans support several specific policies intended to limit access to guns , including expanded background checks and restrictions on sales to the mentally ill . But relatively few Americans actually contact public officials to express their views , according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in the spring . Just 15 % of all U.
. Most Hispanic Catholics identify with or lean toward the Democratic Party , while 54 % of white Catholics today identify with or lean toward the GOP . 7Large majorities of U.S. Catholics have admired Pope Francis throughout his tenure , but there are growing signs of discontent . In 2014 , 54 % of American Catholics gave Francis “ excellent ” or “ good ” marks for his handling of the church ’s sex abuse scandal . But in a Pew Research Center poll conducted in September 2018 – shortly after recent
information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , go
to say that Lebanon should not accept any refugees from Syria . Three - in - ten in Turkey want their country to accept fewer refugees from Syria and more than half
the U.S. trade
the previous 30
elections but not the 2014 midterm , differed in many ways from consistent voters , who voted in all three of these elections , and nonvoters . In this report , nonvoters are those who were registered to vote
and religious minorities , according to a Pew Research Center analysis . To better examine the prevalence of these attitudes , the Center developed a scale to measure the extent of Nationalist , anti - Immigrant and anti - religious Minority ( NIM ) sentiment . The NIM scale combines answers to 22 survey questions on a wide range of issues
national politics from U.S. adults
of recent declines in the unemployment rate . There also is a modest partisan
in its anti - drug campaign.1 Meanwhile , 78 % believe the current economic situation is good and 57 % are satisfied with the direction of the country , a 21 - percentage - point increase from 2014 , the last time this question was asked in the Philippines . These are among the main findings of a survey conducted by Pew Research Center in the Philippines from Feb. 26 to May 8 , 2017 , among a nationally representative sample of 1,000 adults . Since being elected
: Just 16 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say they are satisfied with the way things are going today . This is down from 33 % in January and 52 % in October . While it is typical for partisan views of the country
the congressional debate over energy and environmental policy ( 18 % ) or the start of former Illinois Governor Rod Blag
school class of 2025 will also look different from   today ’s incoming college freshmen . Immigration and births of second - generation immigrants are likely to drive up the shares of Hispanic and Asian students . Over the past two decades , the share of students graduating from public high schools who are white and non - Hispanic has declined dramatically – from 73 % in 1995 to 57 % in 2012 , according to the most recent data available . In
” There has been little overall change in views of Russia over the past year : 28 % regard Russia as an adversary ; 42 % say it is a serious problem but not an adversary ; and 24 % say Russia is not much of a problem . While majorities in both parties view Russia as either an adversary or a serious problem , more Republicans ( 33 % ) than Democrats ( 17 % )
the number of naturalized citizens has grown even more rapidly ( Appendix Table 2 ) . In fact , because so many new immigrants have become citizens , the size of the legal non - citizen population has barely grown since the mid-1990s . These trends point to a sharp rise since the mid-1990s — following nearly half a century of decline — in the tendency of legal permanent residents to naturalize . Legal immigrants are not only becoming citizens at a higher rate than in the
question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of
of South Carolina , who chaired the high - profile Select Committee on Benghazi , had more Facebook followers than any other House member , with slightly over 1.3 million . Next were Illinois Democrat Luis Gutierrez , Democratic Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California and GOP Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , with between 500,000 and 600,000 each . In the Senate , the overall pattern of ideology predicting Facebook followers is largely driven by a small number of prominent members
will convene a synod on family issues at the Vatican in October ; the synod will examine the role in the church of divorced and remarried Catholics as well as gays and lesbian
.S. military action , while 48 % disapprove . However , just 11 % of Democrats believe Trump has a clear plan for the situation , compared with 85 % who say he does not . Public opinion about whether the U.S. has a responsibility to accept Syrian refugees has not changed since February , though the share saying the U.S. has a responsibility to accept Syrian refugees is higher today ( 47 % ) than it was last October ( 40 % ) . The partisan divisions on this issue remain stark . A survey in early January found that Republicans also are
16 % of Russians place themselves in the high category , while 31 % say their current lives merit a low score . ) Even more striking is the Chinese sense of personal advancement . China has the largest percentage of people ( 50 % ) who believe they have made progress in their lives over the last five years , up from 42 % who said so in 2002 . In this regard , the Chinese outpace even Americans , among whom 47 %
. The gap between the two news platforms was 19 points in early 2016 , more than
. Only about a quarter ( 26 % ) say they
. ) Whether this improvement has carried over into views of individual traits of Americans is something that we ca
a Republican win . Among all registered voters , 41 % support Obama and the same percentage favors an unnamed
they have been physically threatened or attacked . Yet for most American Muslims , these problems only partially define their personal experiences in the U.S. Four - in - five say they are satisfied with the way things are going
. ) Lastly , a methodological note : The gap between the voter turnout reported by the Census Bureau and the actual national vote tallied by election officials widened in 2012 . According to the Census Bureau ’s 2012 Current Population Survey November Supplement on Voting and Registration , an estimated 133 million U.S. citizens voted in 2012 . That estimate is higher — by 4 million votes — than the national tally of 129 million votes cast for president . The gap in reported votes and
the country unlawful
.S. State Department polling from the beginning of this decade found just over half ( 52 % ) of Turks expressing a favorable opinion of the U.S. However , the widely unpopular Iraq war led to a steep decline in America ’s image , and it has essentially never
. 1Almost all New Zealanders said in a 2011 - 2012
also stand out compared with other groups for viewing scientists as unfriendly toward
the Democrats held a 17 - point advantage eight years ago ( 47 % to 30 % ) . However , as many voters who support the Republican in their district say they are “ absolutely certain ” to vote this fall as said this in June 2010 . Three - quarters of Republican voters ( 76 % ) say they are absolutely certain to vote , compared with 67 % of Democratic voters . Four years ago , 77 % of Republican voters and 64 % of Democratic voters said they were absolutely certain to vote in the fall . Barack Obama is as powerful a motivating factor for Republican voters as he was
dropped by 51 % between 2008 and 2019 , from about 71,000 workers to 35,000 . Combined newsroom employment in the other four news - producing industries – broadcast television , radio , cable and digital - native
. Just 6 % of teens report going online weekly , and 2 % go
. Overall , 54 % of Americans say the Trump administration is doing too little to
much inequality in the U.S. , compared with 78 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners , a
. In contrast , just 13 % of Democrats approve of the
China a key campaign issue ahead of the U.
0 ( 11 % of the global total ) , making it the country with the
% listed the Iraq war as their most closely followed story of the week as most attention was focused on the California wildfires . One - in - five Americans followed the World Series very closely and 10 % listed this as their most closely followed story . The national media devoted 2 % of its overall coverage to the World Series . News coverage of the 2008 presidential campaign remained substantial — 9 % of the national newshole focused on the campaign . Roughly one - in - five Americans ( 21 % ) followed campaign news very closely and 9 % listed this as their most closely followed story . The public
improves — as well as shape the level of political backlash the president experiences while the
2007 . Young people consistently express more personal optimism than do older Americans , and
other commonly studied segments of the population whose estimates are sensitive to the exclusion of landlines in surveys . While cellphone samples have become more and more representative of the U.
’s March - April survey finds that adults who work full- or part - time are about as likely as those who are unemployed and looking for work to say they play ( 47 % vs. 43 % ) . As for types of games that Americans like to play , strategy and puzzle games are the most popular among those included in the survey . About six - in - ten adults who say they play video games often or sometimes report that they typically play these types of games ( 62 % each ) . Adventure , shooter , role -
. While Europeans are willing to consider accepting immigrants under certain circumstances , there is also a general sense that immigrants already in the country illegally should be deported . Majorities in seven of 10 countries support this policy . Greeks express the highest level of support for deportations , with 86 % agreeing with this policy . Other Europeans have somewhat less support for deporting immigrants in their countries illegally . Among Italians , half favor this policy while 39 % are opposed . Publics in France and
’ science news habits today : 1A majority of Americans get their science news from general outlets , though many question how often these outlets get the science facts right .   More than half (
U.S. are less likely to be stay - at - home moms than those born elsewhere are . More education is associated with a much higher likelihood of working outside the home among mothers , perhaps due to the fact that those with higher education are more likely to be able to find work that pays enough to justify the cost of child care .   Just 58 % of foreign - born mothers have at least a high school diploma , compared with 84 %
democracy , while 83 % say the same about a system of checks and balance
voted in all three of these elections , and nonvoters . In this report , nonvoters are those who were registered to vote
% of Latinos have used ride - hailing , similar to the 14 % of
. For more findings on
a quarter of conservative Republicans ( 26 % ) say this , compared with 13 % of moderate or liberal Republicans , 11 % of moderate or conservative Democrats and 9 % of liberal Democrats . Older Republicans offer considerably different views than their younger counterparts . Four - in - ten Republicans ages 65 or older say fathers should n’t be able to take leave from work following the birth or adoption of a child , compared with 20 % of Republicans ages 50 to 64 , 10 % of those 30 to 49 , and 14 % of those 18 to 29 . Age differences are relatively small among Democrats
The campaign ’s slogan was : “ Check it right ; you ai n’t white ! ” The Census Bureau is already looking at big changes to its form . One proposal would create a combined race and ethnicity question in which people would be offered all the race and Hispanic options in one place . Census data are vital to determining everything from how congressional districts are drawn to $ 400 billion in federal aid programs and enforcement of civil rights laws . “ We ’re trying to develop a ( race and ethnicity ) question that satisfies everyone , ” said Roberto Ramirez , a Census official who discussed the
has a significantly more positive image of their president ( 51 % favorable ) than of other major political figures , a rating driven in large part by overwhelming support among PRI partisans ( 83 % favorable ) . More than half of Mexicans say that Peña Nieto is doing well at dealing with the education system ( 55 % ) and fighting organized crime and drug traffickers ( 53 %
the most racially and ethnically diverse overall as well : A total of 19 % of members are nonwhite , including 34 % of the freshman class . 3A growing share of the U.S. black population is foreign born . A steadily increasing proportion of the U.S. black population is foreign born , with a record 4 million black immigrants in 2015 . Immigrants now make up 9 % of the country ’s black population , roughly triple the share in 1980 . While black
. Some 55 % of working Ph.D. scientists belonging to the American Association for the Advancement of Science (
s malaise , he detailed a lit
is less of a consensus about the cause of global warming . Roughly half of Americans
were [ posting ] what they had for dinner . ” … “ I did n’t like being monitored . ” … “ I got harassed by someone from my past who looked me up . ” … “ I do n’t like their privacy policy . ” … “ It caused problems in my [ romantic ] relationship . ”
the number of people who no longer consider themselves to be part of any religious denomination or tradition has risen dramatically in recent decades . Between 2007 and 2014 , for example , the share of Americans who are religiously unaffiliated jumped from about 16 % to almost 23 % of the adult population . However , it ’s also important to point out that a majority of these “ nones ” ( 61 % ) still say they believe in
. At the same time , birth rates are falling among Hispanic women . California ’s total population projections have also been reduced . In 2007 , the state ’s population had been projected to reach 59.5 million in 2050
been a typical day , a particularly good day or a particularly bad day ? ” In 2017 , we asked this question of nearly 42,000 people in 38 countries around the
more likely than older Americans ( 26 % ) to accurately classify all five opinion statements . These patterns persisted regardless of the ideological appeal of the statements . 4Americans generally agree on the democratic ideals and values they see as important for the U.S. – but they say the country is falling short in living up to them . For example , while 84 % of Americans say it is very important that the rights and freedoms of all people are respected ,
admission visas – for adult children and siblings of U.S. citizens , and spouses and children of lawful permanent residents – are subject to category and country limits . About 144,000 green cards in fiscal 2015 went to people on employment visas and their family members . About 152,000 went
Military analysts have also expressed concern about how third parties can use the data to find out where there is an American military presence . In the Center ’s survey , there ’s no clear consensus among the public as to whether sharing this information with medical researchers is acceptable or not . About four - in - ten Americans ( 41 % ) say it is acceptable for makers of fitness
in today ’s economy , according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted   in association with the Markle Foundation   in 2016 . The only
– including 69 % of Republicans and 79 % of Democrats – think that people convicted of possessing small amounts of marijuana should not have to serve time in jail . The Pew Research Center ’s report on U.S. drug policy comes at a pivotal moment in the national debate over how best to deal with drug abuse . There is a new bipartisan effort in Congress to give federal judges more discretion in low - level drug cases and reduce mandatory sentences for some drug crimes
do not necessarily mean that non - Catholics view Francis unfavorably . In fact , in most countries with sizable differences , non - Catholics are more likely to have no set opinion of the pope than a negative one . The biggest differences among favorable views of Francis appear in Latin American countries . While the pope receives extremely positive marks from Catholics throughout the region , wide gaps exist between Catholics and non - Catholics in Mexico ( -63 percentage points ) , Nicaragua ( -58 ) , El Salvador
was reported in a total of 37 countries in sub -
of oil . With most Americans worried about the spread of infectious disease , differences among demographic groups are relatively narrow . Still , some groups register particularly high levels of concern . For example , Americans with less than a college degree are 9 percentage points more likely to be concerned about the threat of infectious disease than those who have a college degree or more education . Similarly , those who have incomes of less than $ 50,000 per year are 10 points more concerned about the threat posed by
with 10 years ago . Instead , at least four - in - ten in Turkey , Lebanon , Tunisia and Israel say that Egypt ’s prominence in the region has waned . Overall , the Middle Eastern and North African nations surveyed have a very poor opinion of Iran and generally rate Saudi Arabia and Turkey more
at findings from the survey
. About half ( 52 % ) say global
or toward the Brussels - based institution , and only 46 % of Italians have a favorable opinion of the EU , the first time that measure has dipped below the break - even point since the euro crisis began . And 56 % voice disapproval of the European Commission . Moreover , 44 % want to abandon the euro and return to using the lira ; that ’s a 19 - point drop in support of the common European currency in just one year . Stark attitu
. When it comes to other forms of entertainment , such as television and music , use of English is higher among younger Latinos . 4 . Having said that , television as a news media platform is declining among young Latinos . Already , a growing share of young Latinos , just like other young people , is getting news from the internet , and fewer are doing so from television , according to the new Pew Research analysis of 2012 data . Nonetheless , television
s many story lines – from complex logistics to analysis of Obama ’s speech – easily made that event the most reported story of the week . According
the United Nations Security Council – the United States , France , Britain , China and Russia – and Germany , which has played an active role in key issues related to the Middle East . Surveys in Israel and the Palestinian territories were conducted after Obama ’s trip to the region . Israel ’s image is overwhelmingly negative in the region ; 86 % or more in Lebanon , Jordan , the Palestinian territories , Egypt , Tunisia and Turkey have an unfa
question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of
about a quarter of conservative Republicans and GOP - leaning independents ( 27 % ) see the shutdown as a very serious problem facing the country , compared with 47 % of moderate and liberal Republicans . Ideological differences among Democrats are more modest : 85 % of liberal Democrats consider the shutdown a very serious problem , while 73 % of conservative and moderate Democrats
Americans – particularly those who are younger or college educated – are finding virtual ways to connect , shop and be active during this time , according to a Pew Research Center survey that asked U.
question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into
, down 10 points since February and 23 points since July 2010 . Similarly , Gallup reported that the share
important to the U.
is the majority view among Democrats , Republicans and independents . But Democrats are more likely than Republicans to say the communist nation will shift in a democratic direction : 41 % of Democrats say this , compared with just
( The Scotch - Irish were mainly   Ulster Protestants who
- Americans , Hispanics and Muslims – in 55 U.S. news
for the party in more than 20 years of polling . Opinions of the Democratic Party , meanwhile , are more unfa
. Notable examples include Rep. Alexandria Ocasio - Cortez ( @AOC ) and Fox News personalities Tucker Carlson ( @TuckerCarlson ) and Sean Hannity ( @seanhannity ) . This analysis also highlights the extent to which members of each party are following their own party ’s presidential candidates , as well as those from the other party . (
, including Argentina , Ukraine , Russia and
, Americans ’ stance toward
, immorality and selfishness – solid majorities in Indonesia , Jordan and Nigeria express favorable opinions of Christians . Moreover , there is enduring belief in democracy among
mostly a civil
say this . By contrast , Democrats with higher levels of education are more likely than less educated Democrats to express concern about language possibly offending others . Seven - in - ten Democratic college graduates say people need to be more careful with language , compared with
with less income and education
as other reports and
they heard a lot or a little about another campaign development last week –
. A modest 44 % of Americans currently think the U.S. economic situation is
the other 37 states and the District of Columbia , just 36 % agree , while 58 % say abortion should be legal in all or most cases . These differences reflect a broader regional divide
a criminal conviction . In 2013 , 240,000 deported immigrants did not have a previous criminal conviction , up from 218,000 in 2012 . Meanwhile , the number of deportations of those with a criminal conviction has stalled at around 200,000 for the past two fiscal years . One distinct feature of the record number of deportations is the increasing share of deportations by U.S. Customs and Border Protection after border apprehension . In 2013 , 25 % of all
. FSU immigrants – who make up 14 % of all Israeli Jews – also stand out in other
with 59 % of blacks who have never attended college . These differences also extend to more specific incidents of racial discrimination . For example
. Bush administration , public support for the use of pre - emptive military force was highest in May of 2003 – just weeks after the start of the Iraq War – when 67 % said they considered it sometimes or often justified . Republicans and Democrats express starkly different viewpoints on the pre - emptive use of military force . Nearly seven - in - ten Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 68 % ) say the use of force against countries that may seriously threaten the U.S. but have
Russian government tried to influence the 2016 U.
has roughly tripled since 1990 , reaching six people per 1,000 married persons in 2015 . While the divorce
based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , go to www.journalism.
HBCU campuses , increasing from 1.6 % in 1980 to 4
the work place , and civic / political life . The Project is non - partisan and does not advocate for any policy outcomes . For more information , please visit our Web site : https://www.pewresearch.org/internet/. About comScore Media Metrix comScore Media Metrix , a division of comScore Networks , provides industry - leading Internet audience measurement services that report – with unmatched accuracy – details of online media usage , visitor demographics
a well - known comedian and
early January 2001 , 80 % of Republicans viewed the court favorably , compared with 62 % of Democrats . The survey was conducted after the Supreme Court ’s hearings on the 2010 health care law . It finds that the law ’s supporters and opponents express similar views of the court . Overall , the public remains deeply divided over the health care law : 41 % say they approve of it
there was a good chance of voting . Similarly , in February 2007 , only two GOP candidates surpassed the 20 % mark : 34 %
. People who marry young are more likely to divorce than those who marry at
. The relationship between presidential candidates and their running mates in this period was perhaps best , if unintent
% respectively ) . About half of Filipinos are also worried about China ’s power and influence , almost double the proportion who say Russia ( 26 % ) or the U.S. ( 25 % ) are a major threat
been more than 50 years since the Supreme Court ruled in Engel v. Vitale ( 1962 ) that school - sponsored prayer in public schools violates the Establishment Clause of the
to say vaccinations should be required to attend school ( 90 % of adults ages 65 and older vs. 77 % of those 18 to 49 ) . 3A majority of U.S. adults trust medical scientists a lot for information about vaccines . Some 55 % of Americans said in 2016 that they trust medical scientists a lot to give full and accurate information about the health risks and benefits of the childhood MMR vaccine . Another 35 % said they have some trust in medical scientists ,
The national survey by the
. In assessing Obama ’s problem - solving efforts , 35 % say he has made progress toward solving major problems facing the country , while nearly as many ( 32 % ) he has tried but failed to solve these problems ; 9 % say he has not addressed these problems , while 21 % say he has made them worse . Again , these evaluations are far more positive than views of Bush ’s record of solving
a big problem , and 44 % think they are a very big problem . But people
- thirds acknowledge that they participate at least partly because their parents want them to . At the same time , eight - in - ten say they get “ a lot ” ( 36 % ) or “ some ” ( 45 % ) enjoyment out of it , similar to the share of U.S. teens overall who say the same . While Hispanic teens say they engage relatively often in religious practices with their family , they report
the one in Boston , with 49 % saying authorities could do more and 45 % saying that
are significant partisan differences in
, the share of births that occurred outside of marriage hit a high of
. Roughly half of rural residents ( 47 % ) say they have face - to - face conversations with their neighbors at least once a week
on Jan. 27 announcing restrictions on people traveling into the U.S. from seven
the news reported by major newspaper , television , radio and online news outlets on an ongoing basis . In the most recent week , data relating to news coverage were collected from June 8 - 14 , 2009 and survey data measuring public interest in the top news stories of the week were collected June 12 - 15 , 2009 from a nationally representative sample of 1,026 adults . The News Interest Index is a weekly survey conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the
Russia as either an adversary or a serious problem , more Republicans ( 33 % ) than Democrats ( 17 % )
—75 % to 23 % . The president ’s performance among Latino voters in Colorado was better than in 2008 , when Obama won the Latino vote 61 % to 38 % . Hispanics made up 14 % of Colorado voters this year , up from 13 % in 2008 . In Nevada , Obama won the Hispanic vote 70 % to 25 % . However , the president ’s Hispanic vote was down from the 76 % share he won in 2008 . Among voters in Nevada , the Hispanic share was 18 % , up from 15 % in 2008 . In other states , the president also carried large
the election have created widespread uncertainty , and that uncertainty makes it even more difficult than usual to assess
their country to accept fewer refugees from Syria and more than half
. Again , the Russians and Chinese disagreed . The U.
with 12 % of non - gun
, 63 % of the
18 to 24 are substantially more likely than those ages 25 to 29 to say they use Snapchat ( 73 % vs. 47 % ) and Instagram ( 75 % vs. 57 % ) . By comparison , age differences are less pronounced for Facebook . Facebook use is relatively common across a range of age groups , with 68 % of those ages 50 to 64 and nearly half of those 65 and older saying they use the site . Other demographic patterns related to social media
. adults ( 48 % ) say job automation through new technology in the workplace has mostly hurt American workers , while just 22 % say it has generally helped , according to the 2018 survey . About three - in - ten ( 28 % ) say these advances have neither helped nor hurt U.S. workers . Adults 50 and older are more likely than younger Americans to say job automation has hurt workers ( 55 % vs. 43 % ) , as are adults with a high school diploma or less when compared with those
the U.S. As a result , there were fewer new immigrant arrivals to the U.S. from Mexico in the 2000s ( 4.2 million ) than in the 1990s ( 4.7 million ) . However , the Mexican - American population continued to grow rapidly , with births accounting for 63 % of the 11.2 million increase from 2000 to
, some Somali refugees have lived in camps located in neighboring countries such as Kenya and Ethiopia for
a similar share of adults , 47 % , foresees a future with almost no birth defects because of genetic modification of embryos prior to birth . 2Most Americans say they would not want to improve their cognitive or physical abilities with brain chips or synthetic blood . For all the potential appeal of having sharper brains and stronger and healthier bodies , about half or more of Americans say they would turn such options down . Roughly two - thirds ( 66 % ) of the public says they would not want an implanted device giving them a much improved ability to concentrate and process information , while a third
( 82 % )
may in fact understate the lack of awareness among Americans because noteworthy numbers of respondents answered “ not applicable to me ” on these questions even though virtually all of them are internet and cell phone users . This survey asked the 87 % of respondents who had heard about the surveillance programs : “ As you have watched the developments in news stories about government monitoring programs over recent months , would you say that you have become more confident or less confident that the programs are serving the public interest ? ” Some 61 % of them say they have become less confident the surveillance efforts are serving the public interest after they
the income ladder than downward in most countries from 1991 to 2010 , resulting in a general improvement in economic status . But there is also a sharpening of economic divisions across households in many Western European countries and in the U.S. as relatively more adults are in the lower- and upper - income tiers and relatively fewer are in the middle . These are among the key findings from a new comparative , cross - national analysis by Pew Research
based on subgroups will have larger margins of error
there was a good chance of voting . Similarly , in February 2007 , only two GOP candidates surpassed the 20 % mark : 34 %
of U.S. refugee arrivals has generally waxed and waned with the world ’s overall refugee population.3 For example , when the global number of refugees peaked in 1992 at 17.8 million , the number of refugees resettled by the U.S. also increased , reaching a high of about 132,000 that year.4 And in the early - to -
increase over the 4.21 million
are five key findings from that report : Racial identity can change over the course of one ’s
shared , collaborative and on - demand services at a broad level is heavily concentrated among certain demographic cohorts . In particular : College graduates – 39 % of college graduates have used four or more of these services , compared with just 8 % of those with a high school degree or less . At the same time , around one - quarter of college graduates have used none ( 11
is very or moderately fair ; just half as many Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 32 % ) view the tax system
. With Texas Gov. Rick Perry stepping up his campaign for the GOP nomination and President Obama making a campaign - style bus trip , election news made up 13 % of coverage , which was little changed from 15 % the previous week , when Michele Bachmann won the Republican straw poll in Iowa and Perry officially entered the race . Coverage and interest have both increased since early August . And , as the economic news has worsened , the GOP contenders have focused their criticism on Obama ’s efforts to improve
’s degree are more likely to talk about race or race relations at least sometimes than are their counterparts with less education . Still , black ( 79 % ) and Hispanic ( 68 % ) adults with a bachelor ’s degree or higher are more likely than whites ( 59 % ) at this education level to say they talk at least sometimes about race relations . ( The Asian sample is too small to analyze by education or other demographic factors . ) Party affiliation is also linked to how often people talk about race or race relations with family and friends . About six
( 66 % ) attribute the allegations mainly to widespread problems in
economy , the federal budget deficit and trade agreements between the U.S. and
a nearly two - to - one ratio , giving rise to speculation in some quarters that Hispanics were disinclined to vote for a black candidate
of Muslims in France . Nor do German and British publics express any increase in negative views of immigrants
are being tested . While most Americans express concern that states have been too quick to lift COVID-19 restrictions ,
see China in a favorable light . On balance , Americans today tend to be more concerned about China ’s economic strength than its military prowess . Still , the share of the public that believes China is primarily a military threat has risen somewhat over time . In 2012 , 28 % were more concerned about China ’s military strength , while 36 % now hold this view . Although economic concerns about China have become less prevalent in recent years , many Americans are still worried about China ’s economic strength . The amount of American debt held by China , for instance , is the top concern among the eight sources
the Apostolate (
South Korea are more divided , a quarter or more in each country
crime rate fell 74 % between 1993 and 2019 , while the property crime rate fell 71 % . Americans tend to believe crime is up , even when the data shows it is down . In 20 of 24 Gallup surveys conducted since 1993 , at least 60 % of U.S. adults have said there is more crime nationally than there was the year before , despite the generally downward trend in national violent and property crime rates during most of that period . While perceptions of rising crime at the national level are
’s immigrant eligible voters ( 55 % ) . 2New York stands out for the racial and ethnic diversity of its immigrant eligible voters . Asians ( 26 % ) , Latinos ( 25 % ) and whites ( 25 % ) make up similar shares of the state ’s immigrant eligible voters , while black immigrants ( 21 % ) are a slightly lower share . When it comes to speaking English ,
, a median of 54 % have internet access and 37 % own smartphone
Research Center from March 3 to April 7 , 2013 . Face - to - face interviews were conducted with 8,989 Muslims in Egypt , Indonesia , Jordan , Lebanon , Malaysia , Nigeria , Pakistan , the Palestinian territories , Senegal , Tunisia and Turkey . The
’s new survey , about half of blacks ( 49 % ) say drug addiction is a major problem where they live , as do 45 % of Hispanics and 40 % of whites . Majorities of eight - in - ten or more across the three groups say this is at least a minor problem in their
viewed it negatively than positively ( 52 % unfavorable , 42 % favorable ) . The Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) receives the lowest favorability rating for the departments and agencies in the survey – 49 % view it
the U.S. is a partner on protecting the environment , compared with 76 % of Americans who say the same about Germany . Clear majorities in Germany do not see the U.S. as a partner on protecting free trade , democracy and human rights , nor on dealing with China . However , 54 % of Germans say the U.S. is a partner on protecting European security , despite President Trump ’s announcing the removal of 12,000 troops from Germany . And 45 % of Germans say the
The share of Silents who describe
their country . However , along with distaste for foreign allies , Turks also reject extremist groups and their tactics . Although we do not have measurements of Turkish opinion of the Islamic State , 85 % in Turkey have a negative opinion of its al Qaeda forbearer , with similarly poor views of other extremist groups like Hamas ( 80 % ) and Hezbollah ( 85 % ) . Additionally , a majority of Turkish Muslims , who comprise 98 %
at a time when modern media and global public opinion are putting immense pressure on national leaders and creating a new and unpredictable climate in international affairs . Last year , German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder scored a huge political victory when he openly broke with Washington over the war in Iraq . Intense German opposition to the war – and the Bush personally – clearly influenced Schroeder ’s strategy . Similarly , the Turkish government bowed to overwhelming public sentiment when it rebuffed the Bush administration ’
as high today as it was during the recession : Currently , 42 % say they have encountered at least one of these problems , including 60 % among those with annual family incomes of $ 30,000 or less . When it comes to views of the national economy , most Americans do not think a recovery has taken hold . Just 27 % say that the economy is recovering , while 31 % say it will recover soon
fact - checking efforts by news outlets and other organizations tend to deal fairly with all sides , while about the same portion ( 48 % ) say they tend to favor one side , according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted Feb. 19 to March 4 , 2019 . But members of the two parties do not
the same period , social media use has been generally level in many of the advanced economies surveyed . Despite growing internet use and smartphone ownership , the world remains digitally divided . It is still the case , for example , that people in wealthier countries have higher rates of internet use and smartphone ownership . However , among people who use the internet , those in developing countries often turn out to be more likely than their counterparts in advanced economies to network via platforms like Facebook and Twitter . Within countries , too , digital divides persist . Age , education , income and in some cases
. 19 % ) .
The Pew Research Center ’s approach to generational analysis involves tracking the same groups of people on a range of issues , behaviors and characteristics . Setting the bounds of generations is a necessary step for this analysis . It is a process that may be informed by a range of factors including demographics , attitudes , historical events , popular culture , and prevailing consensus among researchers . As a result , the lines that define the generations are useful tools for analysis , but they should be thought of as
a large share of mixed - race babies ( 43 % )
6 ) . More than half of whites , who reported voting ( 56 % ) were age 50 or older , compared with 45 % among all white adults . However , white voters were more affluent than those who did not vote . About two - thirds ( 62 % ) reported family incomes of $ 50,000 or more , compared to more than half among all white adults ( 55 % ) . White voters were also better educated than those who did not vote . Almost 4 - in-10 ( 38 % ) had finished college , compared with 29 % among all white adults . About 65 % of
( 63 % of Democrats , 38 % of Republicans ) , and an 18 - point gap on Iran ’s nuclear program ( 63 % of Republicans , 45 % of Democrats ) . By contrast , there is much greater partisan agreement that North Korea ’s nuclear program and cyberattacks from other countries represent major threats to the United States ; 70 % or more Republicans and Democrats say each is a major threat . For many years , Republicans and Democrats generally shared the same views about whether Russia represented a major threat to the U.S. In 2014 , 58 % of Republicans and 50 % of Democrats said
was fielded February 8 - 18 by the Ilko Kucheriv Democratic Initiatives Foundation , together with the Kyiv International Institute of Sociology , and the Russian poll was conducted February 21 - 25
’ awareness of the conspiracy theories called QAnon increased dramatically from early to late 2020 . In a Feb. 18 - March 2 survey , about a quarter ( 23 % ) of U.S. adults said they had
a price and payment dispute between Russia and Ukraine led to gas supplies being cut - off to Ukraine . Both Eastern and Western Europeans are vulnerable to these disputes because
the economic system is generally fair ( 37 % vs. 63 % ) . Among Democrats , large majorities in all three income groups say the economic system unfairly favors powerful interests : 94 % of upper - income Democrats and 90 % of middle - income Democrats say this , as do 79 % of lower - income Democrats . Among Americans overall , there is widespread agreement around which groups have too much power in today ’s economy . About eight - in -
for scientists ( as well as for medical scientists ) since January 2019 is not seen in ratings
Iran . Again , the Russians and Chinese disagreed . The U.
The internal debate over same - sex marriage and related issues comes at a challenging time for the United Methodist Church . Even before any departures resulting from this week ’s meeting , United Methodists have been shrinking considerably as a share of the U.S. population , part of a broader trend among U.S. Christians   and particularly mainline Protestants . Our 2014 study found that United Methodists make up 3.6 % of the U.S. adult population – down from 5.1 % in 2007 . ( Mainline Protestants as a whole declined from 18.1 % of the
. Public trust in government , meanwhile , remains close to a historic low . Just 18 % say they trust the federal government to do the right thing “ just about always ” or “ most of the time ” – a figure that
: nearly three - quarters of the Russian population (
of China overall ( Nigeria , Kenya , Tunisia ) . European nations surveyed tend to be particularly critical – a median of 82 % across the 10 EU countries surveyed say China does not respect personal freedoms . Among countries at the more negative end of the scale , Japan is the outlier , showing higher levels of general dissatisfaction with China that may relate to historical and political strains in bilateral relations . Correction ( Jan. 4 , 2019 ): Item No . 2 of this
The poll also finds that only 12 % of Japanese believe the national government is having a positive influence on the way things are going in the country – a plunge from 50 % five years ago . Current prime minister , Yoshihiko Noda , fares slightly better : 30 % say he is having a positive impact on the country ’s situation . By contrast , 89 % characterize
the past two decades , the percentage of the youngest age cohort registering a complete lack of attention to politics rose from 12 % ( in 1987 - 1988 ) to 24 % in 2002 - 2003 . Similarly , while 47 % of young adults ages 18 - 29 were daily newspaper readers in 1972 , by 2004 the number among the same age group had plummeted to 23 % . Moreover , that earlier cohort has
in opinion across different age groups or education levels . While Republicans ’ views on this question have mostly held steady over the past four months , Democrats have become significantly less likely to see the U.
democracy , while 83 % say the same about a system of checks and balances
the total population of Mexicans living in the U.S. grew steadily since 2004 , with the total
voters in South Carolina . Here are five facts about black Democrats nationwide , drawn from Pew Research Center surveys conducted in the past year . 1Since 2000 , black Democrats ’ self -
. Fortunately , new products are helping researchers make more effective use of cellphone samples . One factor contributing to the cost of cellphone interviewing is the substantial share of the numbers sampled and dialed by interviewers that turn out to be non - working , resulting in wasted interviewer time . As of 2015 , the average incidence of non - working numbers in the U.S. cellphone random digit dial ( RDD ) frame was 38 % . To reduce this inefficiency , RDD sample vendors have developed services to identify and discard cellphone numbers that are likely to be non - working before
interest in the top news
“ fertile ground ” for Republicans to strike a deal with Democrats who have differed with the White House on the issue . Pew Research surveys have consistently shown strong public support for building the pipeline from Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast , with 61 % of Americans favoring it . Fully 84 % of Republicans want to see the pipeline built , but Democrats are more divided , with 49 % in favor and 38 % opposed . Although our polls have found broad public unhapp
In only two of the countries polled – Czech Republic and Poland – are young people significantly   more supportive of
with 2014 , the year Modi first came to office as prime minister , views of India abroad have largely remained stable . Favorable views have increased by a negligible 5 percentage points in South Korea , while they have decreased by the same amount in Japan , Indonesia and the U.
’s rise , local television news revenue   is relatively steady at $ 18.6 billion – at least for now . Revenue was down from 2014 , but since the industry gets a big boost from election year spending , a better comparison is 2013 , which saw a comparable level of ad revenue . Additionally , these stations have been getting a small but increasing boost from retransmission fees , which have risen fivefold since 2010 . ( Cable systems pay these fees to local network affiliates in return for carrying their programming . ) Local TV ’s steady stream of advertising and other revenue
. Six - in - ten or more in four Asian countries approve of their system . With about two - thirds ( 66 % ) reporting satisfaction , Malaysians are the most positive , though Indians ( 63 % ) , Filipinos ( 61 % ) and Bangladeshis ( 60 % ) hold similar views . Only in Thailand ( 70 % ) , which in the past year has been ravaged by political turmoil , including a coup d’état , do a majority say they are dissatisfied . In sub - Saharan Africa , people are split nearly equally on this question – a median of 50 % are dissatisfied
abortion should be legal in all cases , while 39 % say it should be legal in most cases . Among Republicans and Republican leaners , significantly more say abortion should be illegal ( 62 % ) than legal ( 36 % ) in all or most cases . Republicans are deeply split on this question by ideology : 77 % of conservative Republicans say abortion should be illegal in all or most cases ; just 22 % say it should be legal . By contrast , 57 % of moderate and liberal Republicans think abortion
suicides have been on the rise in recent years , even as gun homicides have fallen . In 2010 , the gun suicide rate was 6.3 per 100,000 people , compared with 3.6 per 100,000 for gun homicides . At 87 % , males are the vast majority of gun suicides . By age group , people 65 and older have the highest firearm
a total population of 317 million , is now home to a record 40.4 million immigrants . 99A record seven - in - ten ( 69 % ) Hispanic high school graduates in the class of 2012 enrolled in college that fall , two percentage points higher than the rate ( 67 % ) among
have ever fired a gun , versus 55 % of
their own representative ’s reelection . In 2010 , Republican voters were much more likely than Democratic voters to want to see their own representative lose reelection ; and
empty
a dramatic reversal from a year ago
. Russian confidence in U.S. President Barack Obama has also collapsed in the past few years . Just 11 % now say they have a lot or some confidence in Obama ’s ability to handle international affairs , while 86 % have little or no confidence . But Obama is not alone in falling out of Russian favor . Russian confidence in German Chancellor Angela Merkel and favorable views toward NATO , the EU and Germany all hit new lows in 2015 . Meanwhile , our
. Our analysis of the latest employment data finds that last
the answer to this
increase federal spending for anti - terrorism defenses in the U.S. , about the same as in 2017 . But in 2013 , only about a third ( 32 % ) favored increased spending for anti - terrorism defense
, only Venezuela ( 7 % ) rivaled Puerto Rico in economic pessimism . A Pew Research Center survey of Latin American countries conducted in 2013 - 14 found that in Puerto Rico , 89 % were dissatisfied with the way things were going on the island . As of 2013 , there were more Puerto Ricans living in the U.S. mainland ( 5.1 million ) than on the island itself ( 3.5 million ) . This is a result of not
for children . However , it is important to note that the survey did not ask parents whether they allowed their child to watch the standard YouTube or YouTube Kids ,
it would be neither good nor bad and 35 % say it would be a bad thing . Among Republicans , 47 % say it would
the share of the immigrant population in the U.S. that is in this country illegally : Fewer than half of Americans know that most immigrants in the U.S. are here legally . Just 45 % of Americans say that most immigrants living in the U.S. are here legally ; 35 % say most immigrants are in the country illegally , while 6 % volunteer that about half are here legally and half illegally and 13 % say they do n’t know . In 2015 , the most recent year for which data are available , lawful immigrants accounted for about three - quarters of the foreign
a lot to reduce poverty and especially inequality . When asked what would do more to reduce poverty , 54 % of all Americans say raising taxes on the wealthy and corporations in order to expand programs for the poor . Fewer ( 35 % ) believe that lowering taxes on the wealthy to encourage investment and economic growth would be the more effective approach . Three - quarters of Democrats favor raising taxes on the
the U.S. military presence in Germany as very important to American national security . Germans , for their part , see the two countries ’ relationship as strained
voters in this year ’s elections , based on exit poll data . 1Democrats won the Latino vote , but Republican
more likely than most other Hispanic origin groups to say they are Catholic . Meanwhile , Salvadorans are
but still more disapp
The eight non - Muslim publics included five “ western ” nations — Britain , France , Germany , Spain , and the United States — as well as Russia , India , and Nigeria , which is roughly divided between Christians and Muslims . The 10 Muslim publics included the predominantly Muslim countries of Egypt , Indonesia , Jordan , Pakistan , and Turkey , as well as Muslim populations in Nigeria , Britain , France , Germany , and Spain . The results show that many non - Muslims associate negative traits with Muslims . Majorities in
to generational analysis involves tracking the same groups of people on a range of issues , behaviors and characteristics . Setting the bounds of generations is a necessary step for this analysis . It is a process that may be informed by a range of factors including demographics , attitudes , historical events , popular culture , and prevailing consensus among researchers . As a result , the lines that define the generations are useful tools for analysis , but they should be thought of as
The share of 20- to 24 - year - olds who were in the workforce stood at 76.4 % in 2002 , fell to 70.9 % in 2012 and is projected to drop to 67.3 % in 2022 , which would be the lowest rate since 1969 . A major reason for their decreasing labor force participation was an increase in school attendance at all levels – thus reducing the share of those young adults participating in the workforce compared with previous generations . A Pew Research analysis in Nov. 2012 found that a record share of young adults had finished both
on Hiroshima and Nagasaki . Only 20
this was the news they followed most closely last week . News about airline safety issues accounted for 2 % of coverage . About one - in - ten ( 8 % ) say they followed news about violent conflict in the African nation of Ivory Coast very closely . Less than 1 % say this was their top story of the week . The unrest in Ivory Coast accounted for 2 % of coverage . These findings are based on the most recent installment of the weekly News Interest Index , an ongoing project of the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press . The index , building on the Center ’s longstanding research into
the world ’s leading power would be better for the world than one in which the U.S. is dominant . Still , many Americans see Chinese power and influence as a major threat to the U.S. That share has climbed 14 percentage points since 2018 . 2Many Americans say the outbreak will have no impact on their country ’s international standing . The largest share of Americans ( 41 % ) expect U.S. influence in world affairs to be about the same after the coronavirus outbreak compared to beforehand . The rest are evenly split , with 29 % saying the U
growth rate may be slowing , but the Chinese public overwhelmingly recognizes the economic progress their country has made over time . Most say they are better off financially than they were five years ago , and with near unanimity they believe they enjoy a higher standard of living than their parents did . However , they also believe their country is facing a variety of challenges . In particular , corruption – which has been a major focus of President Xi Jinping – remains a serious concern . Fully 84 % say corrupt officials are a big problem , and 44 % think they are a very big problem . But people
The survey finds that a majority of the public ( 55 % ) believes that the number of immigrants entering the United States illegally is higher now than it was 10 years ago while about four - in - ten believe it is the same ( 27 % ) or lower ( 15 % ) today . Those who believe the illegal immigration rate has risen are more likely than others to say legal status should come only after improvements are made to border security . There is
on science and scientists in areas that connect with Americans ’ daily lives . There are pronounced differences in people ’s views about organic and GM foods that tie to their underlying outlook about food . One is the degree of concern people have about the issue of GM foods and another is the degree
American control of Middle East oil and U.
to increased immigration enforcement by the Mexican government at its southern border and internally , which made it more difficult
from South Korea , Canada and other nations . Notably , however , 2017 saw a considerable slowdown in the growth of the program : The number of enrollees grew by 8 % in 2017 , down from 34 % growth the prior year . The Trump administration has tightened regulations that govern the OPT program . Explore where foreign student graduates work using OPT in the United States by metro area with this interactive feature . Green cards Many college - educated immigrants also live and work in the U
about the group ’s recommendations . The panel ’s major proposals have won fairly broad acceptance among those familiar with them . Six - in - ten of those who have heard at least a little about the Baker - Hamilton report say they
And nearly six - in - ten ( 57 % ) say the choice of the next Supreme Court justice is very important to them personally . In April 2010 , after Justice John Paul Stevens announced his retirement from the court , and before Obama named Justice Elena Kagan as his replacement , just 40 % viewed the choice of a new Supreme Court justice as very important . However , there continue to be substantial demographic differences in views of the importance of the selection of a new Supreme Court
it is very ( 28 % ) or somewhat important ( 30 % ) to them personally to get messages from the presidential campaigns about
- in - ten Latinos ( 59 % ) in May said they live in households that have experienced job losses or pay cuts due to the coronavirus outbreak , with a far lower share of U.S. adults ( 43 % ) saying the same . As Latino incomes dwindled , most in April said they do not have emergency funds to cover three months of expenses , and half or more said they worry daily or nearly every day about financial issues like paying their bills , the amount of debt they carry and the cost of health care.3 Latinos have a bleaker view than the U.S.
. There were 1.5 million Central American unauthorized immigrants in 2007 and 1.9 million in 2017 . This growth was fueled mainly by immigrants from the Northern Triangle nations of El Salvador , Guatemala and
Only 39 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents
1.8 % . This was driven almost entirely by employment falling by 2.6 million ( ‑2.7 % ) in jobs that could not be teleworked . Employment in occupations that could be teleworked was essentially unchanged , edging down by 300,000 ( ‑0.5 % ) . The safety net offered by jobs that could be teleworked held for most groups of workers . Among women , for example , employment decreased by 3.6
in the best interests
. 2The number of Latino voters nearly doubled from 2014 to 2018 , nearing presidential election year levels . Overall , Latino voter turnout reached 11.7 million in 2018 , up from 6.8 million in 2014 – the single largest increase on record from one midterm election to another . In fact , turnout among Latinos is the second - largest of any election year , presidential or midterm , trailing only the 2016 presidential elections . About 29 million Latino
question wording and practical
- American cell owners are especially likely to say that they have used their phone recently to see what others are saying online about a program they are watching ( 28 % of African - American cell owners have done this recently , compared with 8 % of whites and 12 % of Latinos ) . And both black and Latino cell owners are more likely than whites to have recently used their phone to fact - check something they heard on - air . Some 33 % of African American cell owners and 30 % of Latino
in 2008 , there has been very little change in his appeal over the past year . The biggest declines in his ratings since last year are found in two nations where the U.S. has listened to the private phone conversations of national leaders : Germany ( from 88 % confident in 2013 to 71 % confident now ) and Brazil ( 69 % in 2013 , 52 % now )
: 84 % view Romney
the debate in Washington over how to address the federal deficit and long - term debt and the early stages of the 2012 presidential campaign . A quarter of the public ( 25 % ) says they very closely followed the ongoing discussions in Washington last week over how to handle the federal budget deficit and reduce the national debt ; just 8 % say this was the news they followed most closely . The only week this year when the deficit debate drew substantial public interest was in early April , when a government
as many Americans offered a favorable (
.S. should consider military options or only political and economic options . Most of this group – 19 % of the public overall – said the U.S. should consider only political and economic options in addressing the situation , while just 8 % of the public think that military options should be considered . Just 16 % of Republicans and smaller shares of Democrats and independents ( 5 % each ) say that military options should be considered . There is broad agreement that Russia was not
of a newly released Pew Research Center survey conducted in 40 nations among 45,435 respondents from March 25 to May 27 ,
are more upbeat than others about the prospect for better days ahead — both for themselves and their families in the short term and for their children over the long haul . Fully two - thirds ( 67 % ) of Latinos say they expect their financial situation to improve over the next year , compared with 58 % of the general population who say the same . Also , two - thirds ( 66 % ) of Latinos say they expect their children to eventually enjoy a standard of living that is better than theirs is now . By contrast , just 48 % of the general public
of the adult population that is middle income decreased in Finland , Germany , Italy , Luxembourg , Norway and Spain ( as it did in the U.S. ) , but increased in France , Ireland , the Netherlands , and the United Kingdom . The largest shares of the adult population in middle - income households in 2010 were found in Denmark ( 80 % ) , Norway ( 80 % ) , and the Netherlands ( 79 % ) , while the smallest shares were found in Italy ( 67 % ) , the
. Views among older generations have changed little over this time period . As a result , older
to accuse social media platforms of censoring
majority ( 56 % )
have n’t served . Still
of Hispanic newlyweds . Intermarriage for these groups was especially prevalent among the U.S. born : 39 % of U.S.-born Hispanics and almost half ( 46 % ) of U.S.-born Asian newlyweds were intermarried in 2015 . Although Asian and Hispanic newlyweds are most likely to be intermarried , overall increases in intermarriage have been driven in part by rising inter
. ) Liberal Democrats are more likely than conservative and moderate Democrats ( who make up 60 % of all Democratic and Democratic - leaning registered voters ) to express positive opinions about Bernie Sanders as president . While 70 % of liberal Democrats say Sanders would make a good or great president , just 38 % of conservative and moderate Democrats agree . Conservative and moderate Democrats are about twice as likely as liberals to see Sanders as an average possible president ( 33 % vs. 16 % of liberals ) , or a terrible or poor one ( 16 % vs. 7 % ) . White Democrats have similar opinions
the highest average educational attainment , while
ing on their phone , rather than a computer and we noted that 25 % of teens fall into that
( 62 % vs. 47
living on the mainland ( 40 % ) and Puerto Ricans born and living on the mainland ( 29 %
. Note : Full methodology is available here , and survey topline is   here . ( PDFs
they sympathize with more in the dispute between Israel and the Palestinians . In this “ forced - choice ” question ( last asked by Pew Research in July ) , 51 % say they sympathize more with Israel while just 14 % sympathize more with the Palestinians . That question does not offer explicit options for expressing sympathy for both sides , or neither side . In the July survey , 3 % volunteered that they sympathized with both Israel and the Palestinians , while
. ) Members of the Millennial generation — adults ages 18 to 32 — are significantly less likely to prefer working with male coworkers than other generations . Overall , about one - in - ten ( 11 % ) of young adults say they want to work mostly with men compared with 19 % of Gen Xers , 16 % of Baby Boomers and 21 % of the Silent generation . Adding gender to the analysis reveals other notable generational differences . Millennial men are significantly more
empty
. The decline in apprehensions reflects a decrease in the number of unauthorized Mexican immigrants coming to the U.S. 3Mexicans were deported from the U.S. 192,334 times in fiscal 2017 , down from a recent high of 307,120 in fiscal 2013 – but up from
of Republicans say the same
what information about them is collected ( 90 % ) . But only 9 % say they have a
they do ( 62 % ) and are highly professional ( 57 % ) . However , these evaluations also have slipped somewhat since 2007 . The public also continues
.S. Latinos , the question of identity is complex due to the group ’s diverse cultural traditions and countries of origin . Asked to choose between two statements , Latinos say their group has many different cultures rather than one common culture by more than three - to - one ( 77 % vs. 21 % ) . There are virtually no differences on this question by immigrant generation among Latinos . Few Hispanics report a strong sense of connectedness with other Hispanics , with only 18 % saying what happens to other Hispanics in the U.S. impacts them a lot and another 40 % saying it impacts them some
– down from 55
of those with a college degree , are opposed to an expanded wall . By contrast , a 57 % majority of those with a high school diploma or less education favor expanding the wall . Note : Full topline results and methodology can be
. After entering Europe , most new arrivals apply for asylum . Asylum seekers are given medicine , shelter and food by local and national governments while they wait for their applications to be processed . To date , more than 2 million first - time applications have been received by EU member countries , Norway and Switzerland since January 2015 , far more than any previous wave of asylum seekers since the years following World War II . The 2015 surge of asylum seekers continues to strain European governments . Since November 2015
about one - in - five say being Druze is primarily a matter of religion ( 18 % ) . By comparison , more Israeli Christians ( 31 % ) and Israeli Muslims ( 45 % ) say being Christian / Muslim is mainly a matter of religion to them . 2Israeli Druze rarely marry across religious lines . In our survey , fewer than 1 % of married Israeli Druze say they have a spouse or partner from outside their religion . This mirrors other religious groups living within the country ; only 1 % of married Muslims and Christians and 2 % of married Jews say their spouse
it was not important to
action on immigration draws more intense opposition ( 39 % disa
China was an adversary or a serious problem but not an adversary , compared with 54 % who viewed Russia this way . Even in the fall of 2008 , just weeks after fighting between Russian and Georgian forces , about as many saw China as a serious
Supreme Court decision that required states to recognize same - sex marriages nationwide , support for allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally is at its highest point in over 20 years of Pew Research Center polling on the issue . By a margin of nearly two - to - one ( 62 % to 32 % ) , more Americans now say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry than say they are opposed . Views on same - sex marriage have shifted dramatically in recent years . As recently as 2010 , more Americans opposed ( 48 % ) than favored ( 42 % ) allowing gays and lesbian
of its overall coverage to Ledger ’s death —
, just 34 % of Democrats said they were at least somewhat confident election systems in the U.S. were secure from hacking and other technological threats . That has risen to 60 % following the election . Among Republicans , 72 %
much ‘ colder ’ than Democrats in views
the mirror image of 2006 . However , Democrats are less likely to describe Obama as a strong leader and able to get things done than Republicans were to ascribe these traits to Bush eight years ago . In 2006 , 81 % of Republicans said Bush was a strong leader and 76 % said he was able to get things done . Today , somewhat fewer Democrats call Obama a strong leader ( 72 % ) and say he is able to get things done ( 66 % )
, tend not to see their own country as the world ’s top economic power . Just 7 % of Japanese say this , and Japan does in fact rank behind China , the EU and the U.S. in
taken over 15,000 times
is “ important but not essential . ” By comparison , the vast majority of American
000 adults , 18 years of age or older , conducted under the direction of ORC ( Opinion Research Corporation ) . For results based on the total sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the error attributable to sampling is plus or minus 4 percentage points . In addition to sampling error , one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of opinion polls , and that results based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , go to
their work often or nearly always makes them feel frustrated . In addition , about one - in - five Hispanic officers ( 21 % ) say their work often or nearly always makes them feel angry
.2 Mexicans ’ attitudes about the country ’s direction are reflected in their views of its economic situation . Only 34 % believe that Mexico ’s economy is good , while 66 % say it is bad . This marks a 6 - point decline in positive views of the economy since last year . There has been a similar decline in those who say the economy will improve over the next 12 months . Just 44 % now say their economy will improve , compared with 50 % a year ago
their country ’s relationship with China as more important than the one with Germany . About six - in - ten Americans ages 18 to 29 favor a closer relationship with China . By contrast , 58 % of Americans ages 65 and older prefer a close relationship with Germany . 2Germans see France as their country ’s top foreign policy partner , while Americans name the United Kingdom . Germans and Americans do not view the other country as their own nation ’s principal foreign policy partner . More than four - in - ten Germans
the American Association for the Advancement of Science said the same . Just 17 % of AAAS scientists and 38 % of Americans said population growth wo n’t be a problem because we will find a way to stretch natural resources . Americans used to be much less concerned about population growth , according to Gallup polls : In 1959 , three - quarters ( 75 % ) of Americans had heard about the “ great increase in population ” predicted for the world during the coming decades , but just 21 % of Americans said they were worried about it . And when comparing population concerns with a list of
a year from now compared with   27 % last October . 2Ratings of Obama ’s economic impact have also improved some , but they were never high . Nearly four - in - ten ( 38 % ) say Obama ’s economic policies since taking office have made economic conditions better , while 28 % say they have made the economy worse , according to our Jan. 7 - 11   survey . Three - in - ten ( 30 % ) think they have not had much of
education or more support high - skilled immigration , compared with 58 % of those with a secondary education or less
with education beyond secondary school . British adults with less education are also not as likely to see economic benefits stemming from the EU ; 55 % of those with no education
as say problems in the world would be even worse without U.S. involvement ( 50 % ) . Overall , the
. Nearly two - thirds of U.S. adults ( 64 % ) say protecting the environment should be a top priority for the president and Congress , while about half ( 52 % ) say the same about dealing with global climate change , according to a January 2020 survey . These shares have grown considerably
won many of those contests , and will take control of the U.
is down from 74 % of all marriages in 1960 to 24 % in 2012 . In addition , adults with high school or less education are much less likely to marry . The marriage rate among this group plummeted — from 72 % in 1960 to 46 % in 2012 . Just the opposite has occurred among college graduates . The share of couples in which both spouses have a college degree has risen steadily in recent decades . In 1960 , only 3 % of couples were in this group , the
the share of Americans who say the government is doing well in reducing the threat of terrorism has fallen by 26
- era revision is stark : Between 2004 and 2007 , the number of master ’s degree OPT enrollees decreased by 7 % , whereas between 2008 and 2016 it increased by 322 % . More than half ( 56 % ) of foreign graduates who participated in OPT between 2004 and 2016 obtained their degree from a public college or university . Four - in - ten ( 41 % ) came from private universities and colleges , of which 38 % were not - for - profit schools and 3 % were for - profit institutions
. A Canadian Broadcasting Corporation survey conducted three months before Parliament acted in 2005 found that 52 % of Canadians opposed the legislation . But one month after passage of the law , 55 % favored keeping it on the books . That number stood at 58 % in December 2006 . The South African parliament legalized same - sex marriage in November 2006 , one year after the country ’s highest court ruled that the existing , more restrictive marriage laws violated the constitution ’s guarantee of equal rights . The new measure passed by a margin of greater than five - to - one , with support coming from both
Americans approved of the thaw in relations
their fair share ( 4 % ) . The national survey by the Pew Research Center , conducted Feb. 18 - 22 among 1,504 adults , finds that about half ( 53 % ) say they pay about the right amount in taxes , considering what they get from the federal government ; fewer ( 40 % ) feel like they pay more than their fair share in taxes . Just 4 % say they pay less than their fair share of taxes . These views have changed little since December 2011 . However , there is a widening partisan gap in several public attitudes about the federal tax system . Today ,
– a view shared by only 9 % of Trump voters . And while 59 % of Biden voters said White people benefit a “
. But a new Pew Research Center survey of U.
who say Trump is not much of a factor in their midterm vote , 75 % say
. A further 21 % of Germans say the countries of the European Union are the world ’s top economic power , while
was confirmed in our final survey .
in the West Bank and Gaza . In the Palestinian territories themselves , Erdogan receives somewhat less support than in other
news interests this week are far out of sync with the news media ’s coverage : While the aftermath of the Japan earthquake and tsunami was the public ’s top story by a wide margin , news organizations devoted far more coverage to the military conflict in Libya . Nearly six - in - ten Americans ( 57 % ) say they followed news about the aftermath of the earthquake and tsunami in Japan more closely than any other news last week . Just 15 % say they followed news about the U.
ization is linked to people ’s information environments : Their news sources , social media habits and interpersonal communication networks . Other
. For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , go to
. But while Trump ’s election may have been a turning point for U.S. Muslims in some ways , the group ’s political views have been consistent by other measures . For instance , Muslim Americans have strongly favored the Democratic Party for at least a decade . Two - thirds of Muslims ( 66 % ) now identify with or lean toward the Democrats , similar to the share who said this in both
” About seven - in - ten Americans ( 72 % ) say that changing an unborn baby ’s genetic characteristics to treat a serious disease or condition
or more ( 34
of former President Felipe Calderón . Within his own party , however , Peña Nieto is well liked . Roughly eight - in - ten supporters of the PRI ( 78 % ) view him favorably . Those who view Peña Nieto more unfavorably tend to be better educated and wealthier ( both 62 % ) . And people who live in the Greater Mexico City area ( 72 % ) are also more negative in their views of the president than those in other regions . Peña Nieto gets poor marks for the way he has handled specific issues , including some major planks of his reform agenda . Roughly two -
voters in South Carolina . Here are five facts about black Democrats nationwide , drawn from Pew Research Center surveys conducted in the past year . 1Since 2000 , black Democrats ’ self -
The recent reports about corruption on Capitol Hill have not resonated widely with the public . But the allegations swirling around Congress may be fueling the political discontent of independents , who are unhappy with Congress in general and , in many cases , with their own representative in particular . Last month , 36 % of independent voters said they do n’t want to see the incumbent in their district reelected . This is as high as in October 1994 ( 34 % ) , shortly before the historic 1994 midterm when Democrats lost control of Congress . Anti - incumbent sentiment is also up among Democratic voters
voters already feel that there ’s little left to learn about the presidential candidates . When it comes to Barack Obama , 90 % say they already pretty much know what they need to know about him ; just 8 % say they need to learn more . A substantial majority ( 69 % ) also says they already mostly know what they need to know about Mitt Romney . Only about a quarter ( 28 % ) say they need to learn more to get a clear impression of Romney . Combining these two questions , fully two - thirds of voters say they already
the past three fiscal years , according to federal statistics . As the number of Mexicans decreased , unauthorized immigrants from other parts of the world increased . There were 5.5 million non - Mexican unauthorized immigrants in 2017 , compared with 5.3 million in 2007 . The non - Mexican number also ticked up from 2016 to 2017 , offsetting the decline of Mexicans . As a result , the overall population of unauthorized immigrants statistically did not change in 2017 from the year before ; the total in both years was the lowest since 2004 . The decline in unauthorized immigrants from Mexico and rise from
’s future . Overall , 41 % of Americans say they have “ quite a lot ” of confidence in the future of the U.S. , while 30 % have some confidence . About a quarter ( 28 % ) say they have little or no confidence in the country ’s future , up from just 15 % in the fall of 2015 . Since then , the share of Republicans expressing quite a lot of confidence in the nation ’s
had very unfa
with knowing people who have had serious illnesses arising from CO
be far more likely than Republicans ( 44 % ) to have a positive impression of
the public reacted strongly to the White House ’s new occ
won many of those contests , and will take control of the U.S. Senate for the first time since 2007 . In congressional races nationally , Democrats won the Latino vote
on national defense ( 39 % hold this view this year , down from 45 % in 2017 ) . Meanwhile , Germans have become more likely to say their country should increase defense spending ( 43 % have this opinion this year , up from 32 % in 2017 ) . 6Americans and Germans clearly align on NATO . Nearly identical percentages of Americans ( 64 % ) and Germans ( 63 % ) have favorable views of the organization . Moreover , German and American opinions have largely moved in tandem – and remained favorable – since this question was first asked in 2009 . 7Americans and Germans have
and preferences when responding to questions or commands , and another 38 % say it is somewhat important . About four - in - ten Americans who own a smart speaker ( 43 % ) say it is not too or not at all important to them that their device is personalized in this way . Looking ahead , a majority of smart speaker owners also are not seeking more personalization . Different groups of respondents were asked about their desires for the performance of their speakers in the future . In one group , 58 % of
the rise of the nuclear family resulted in fewer extended family living arrangements and smaller households . In 1850 , almost 70 % of those ages 65 and older lived with their adult children . By 2000 , fewer than 15 % did so . These demographic changes may reflect more fundamental societal changes such as industrialization , urbanization , rising living standards ( especially for older adults ) and constricted immigration in the first half of the 1900s . This
expanded across the globe , bringing citizens together – at least virtually for 2020 – to educate , mobilize and celebrate . While the event focuses
- torn instability . When we   looked   at which countries are hosting the most refugees relative to their populations , Lebanon was   far and away the leader . Our   analysis , which used   2014 data from the UNHCR and   international population estimates from the Census Bureau , found that the   1.15 million refugees in Lebanon last year –   nearly all of them fleeing the civil war in neighboring Syria –   represent nearly 20 % of that country ’s population of 5.9 million . In second place was Jordan , where
. 21 % ) . ( Racial and ethnic differences are also present across a number of other perceived problems for communities , ranging from traffic to crime . ) For years , policymakers and advocates have looked to address broadband - related gaps between rural and non - rural communities in subscriptions , infrastructure , performance and competition . Data from the Federal Communications Commission show that rural areas are less likely to be wired for broadband services and tend to have slower internet speeds compared
the U.S. economy entered a recession in December 2007 . The Pew Hispanic Center released two
to lead to improved race relations ( another 26 % expected little change )
For example , in 1994 both the Pew and Gallup surveys found a Republican majority in the popular vote for the first time in more than 40 years , foreshadowing that year ’s GOP takeover of the
9 % in 1991 to 70 % this year . 6The foreign - born share of the U.S. population is at its highest point since 1910 . Nearly 14 % of people living in the U.S. in 2017 were born in another country , extending a steady increase over the past few decades . In absolute numbers , more than 44 million immigrants lived in the U.S. – more than in any other country in the world . The foreign - born share of
to their country . ( For more on economic and political problems in Brazil , see “ How Brazilians view their country ’s economic and political crises . ” ) Across 10 European nations , the U.
based on subgroups will have larger margins of error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , go to www.journalism.
. Public support for capital punishment peaked in the mid-
the news closely whether or not something important is happening ( 92 % ) . And this group
highlight online gaming and comments sections as other spaces they typically encounter harassment . Those who exclusively experience less severe forms of harassment report fewer emotional or personal impacts , while those with more severe harassment experiences often report more serious emotional tolls . Who is harassed : Age and gender are most closely associated with the experience of online harassment . Among online adults : Young adults , those 18 - 29 , are more likely than any other demographic group to experience online harassment . Fully 65 % of young internet users have been
party to unite behind Clinton if she became the nominee . Immigration is a top voting issue for Latino voters , second only to the economy . As is the case among all voters , the economy is among the top issues for Hispanic voters : 86 % say it is very important to their vote . But Hispanic voters are about as likely to say immigration is very important to their vote ( 79 % ) . This is on par with the shares naming health care ( 82 % ) , terrorism ( 80 % ) , education ( 78 % ) and foreign policy ( 74 % ) as very important voting issues . Hispanic voters rate most issues similarly to the overall voting
very closely since the nomination of Clarence Thomas by President George H.W. Bush in 1991 ( 33 % followed very
. Fully three - quarters of Democrats , but just 44 % of Republicans , predict that Democratic leaders generally will be successful in getting their programs enacted . With less than two years left in his presidency , Bush ’s legacy has suffered under the strains of the continuing violence in Iraq . According to the survey , 53 % of the public believes that , in the long run , the failures of the Bush administration will outweigh its accomplishments , a 17 percentage point increase since January 2004 . Nearly half ( 45 % ) believe that Bush will be viewed as an unsuccessful president . About one - in - four ( 24 %
the influence of lobbyists in Washington , D.
sense of gratitude or thankfulness , compared to 72 % of men . And nearly
. Over the past decade , majorities have consistently said that “ occasional acts of
by a 72 % to 22
% say U.
be legal in all or most cases , while 36 % say it should be illegal in at least most cases . About eight - in - ten
with 2014 , the year Modi first came to office as prime minister , views of India abroad have largely remained stable . Favorable views have increased by a negligible 5 percentage points in South Korea , while they have decreased by the same amount in Japan , Indonesia and the U.
’s median age is 19 , meaning half are younger and half are older . But by 2065 , their median age will be 36 , according to the new projections . The projected rise of Asians as the nation ’s largest immigrant group has its own implications , among them potentially increased education levels . Among immigrants who arrived within the past five years , Asians already outnumber Hispanics , in part   because of a sharp recent drop in immigration from Mexico . This slowed Hispanic immigration also will have a longer - term impact : In 2065 ,
increased around the world in 2016 , according to Pew Research Center ’s ninth annual study on global restrictions on religion . This is the second year in a row that overall restrictions on religion – whether the result of government actions or by individuals or societal groups – increased in the 198 countries included in the study . Here are some of the key findings from the new report : 1More than a quarter ( 28 % ) of countries had “ high ” or “ very high ” levels of government restrictions on religion in 2016 , an increase from 25 % the year before . This is the largest share of countries
S. adults ( 24 % ) say tax rates on corporations and large businesses should be lowered , while roughly twice as many ( 52 % ) say they should be raised . Another 21 % say corporate tax rates should be kept the same as they are now . There is less public support for raising taxes on higher - income households . However , as with tax rates on corporations , just 24 % say taxes on
about surveillance practices , data privacy and leaks . Here are some key findings about Americans ’ views of government information - gathering and surveillance , drawn from Pew Research Center surveys since the NSA revelations : 1Americans were divided about the impact of the leaks immediately following Snowden ’s disclosures , but a majority said the government
is more than twice that of 18- to 29- year - old women and significantly higher than any other age group . Also , these younger males are more likely to trust The Colbert Report as a source of political news ; almost three - in - ten say that they trust it , more than any other age group . 3Colbert viewers turn to a variety of other sources for political news , but none more so than its Comedy Central counterpart , The Daily Show . Roughly three -
the percentage of Americans that said news reports were portraying the economy as worse than it actually was rose slightly from June to October . This year , as the recovery slowed , perceptions of economic coverage changed little between June and October . The changes in perceptions of media coverage since October 2008 , however , vary dramatically by party . Two years ago , more than half of Republicans ( 55 % ) said the press made the economy seem worse than it really was , a view shared by 42 % of independents but just 27 % of Democrats . Currently , 24 % of Republicans say the press makes the economy look worse than
news . Perceptions of news about prices , financial markets and real estate values are more mixed . Looking at what people
, while just 11
current economic conditions in the U.
newlyweds ( 29 % ) were married to someone of a different race or ethnicity in 2015 , as were 27 % of Hispanic newlyweds . Intermarriage for these groups was especially prevalent among the U.S. born : 39 % of U.S.-born Hispanics and almost half ( 46 % ) of U.S.-born Asian newlyweds were intermarried in 2015 . Although Asian and Hispanic newlyweds are most likely to be intermarried , overall increases in intermarriage have been driven in part by rising inter
empty
a bachelor ’s degree . 3Student involvement in extracurricular activities often differs by family income . Seven - in - ten parents of school - age children say their children
a plurality ( 47 % ) say they are hearing the
more likely than not to see China as an enemy , whose rising power and influence more than half of Indians view as a major threat to the country . And Indians are much
one race . Among multiple - race Americans counted in the 2000 Census , 53 % were changed to white , 24 % to black , 15 % to Asian or Pacific Islander and 9 % to American Indian or Alaska Native . So no births are reported by the center to mixed - race mothers . However , when the Census Bureau receives birth - certificate data , it uses the same protocol in the other direction , and re - classifies some single -
on a full- or part - time basis ) conducted Sept. 11 - 14 and
. Fully three - quarters of Americans ( 75 % ) rate strengthening the economy as a major priority , up from 68
the U.S. trade embargo against Cuba . Notably , some of the most
of confidence in the investigations , compared with just 18 % of blacks . Roughly three - quarters of blacks ( 76 % ) have little or no confidence in the investigations , with 45 % saying they have no confidence at all . Reactions to last week ’s events in Ferguson divide the public by partisan affiliation and age , as well as by race . Fully 68 % of Democrats ( including 62 % of white Democrats ) think the Brown case raises important issues about race that merit discussion . Just 21 % of Democrats ( including 25 % of white Democrats ) say questions of race are getting more
. Currently , 43 % say the Democrats can better deal with taxes
say problems in the world would be worse without U.S. efforts . Among liberal Democrats , about as many say U.S. efforts to solve problems usually end up making things worse ( 45 % ) as say problems in the world would be even worse without U.S. involvement ( 50 % ) . Overall , the
about the future of the Democratic Party , and nearly three - quarters of Republicans ( 74 % ) say the same about their party .
people in the U.
important or should n’t be pursued . Missions for human astronauts to explore Mars and return to the moon are
their country to accept fewer refugees from Syria and more than half
about seven - in - ten Republicans and Republican leaners ( 71 % ) . But like Americans overall , most in each party say anonymous sources should be used only in special cases . While fewer in each party say it is always acceptable to rely on anonymous sources , Democrats are about three times as likely as Republicans to say this ( 22 % vs. 8 % ) . The
of the biggest foreign policy challenges that Europe and the U.S. have faced in recent years has been Russia
. Republicans and Democrats differ widely in evaluations of some aspects of the U.
: Just 16 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say they are satisfied with the way things are going today . This is down from 33 % in January and 52 % in October . While it is typical for partisan views of the country
( 63 % ) ,
– in their mid-50s , compared with online newspaper readers , who were generally in their early to mid-40s – this difference persists even when controlling for age . If print distribution becomes economically unfe
59 % of Catholics and 66 % of those who are religiously unaffiliated . Public assessments of Donald Trump ’s ability to handle several aspects of his job are more negative today than they were earlier in his term . Overall , 39 % of the public is very or somewhat confident that Donald Trump can work effectively with Congress , while 59 % are not too or not at all confident Trump can do this . In April , 46 % expressed confidence in Trump
– January 2010 did not disclose their income1 ; 16 % in the April – May 2010 survey did not disclose their income2 ; and 14 % in the August – September 2010 survey did not do so3
’s job performance , while 88 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners disapprove . Similarly , assessments of Trump ’ s personal traits and characteristics , including his trustworthiness , leadership and ability to get things done , have not changed much over the course of his presidency . Trump continues to get low ratings for his temperament : Just 28 % of Americans say he is even - tempered , while 69 % say that description does not apply . A somewhat larger share ( 36 % ) says Trump is trustworthy ; a majority ( 61 % ) says Trump
. Recently , President Trump reiterated his view that NAFTA “ has been a disaster for the United States
meeting romantic partners , but play a major role in how teens flirt , woo
.9 million people born in the UK lived in other countries , the 10th - largest emigrant population in the
to a working desktop , laptop or tablet computer in their household , and mobile devices play a prominent role in how people
election to lead to improved race relations . Roughly a year later ,
a tiny difference given that each group numbered more than 1.9 million . In 2014 , minority babies outnumbered white babies by about 16,000 , and in 2015 the difference was about 12,000 , according to the agency ’s estimates . The Census Bureau frequently revises its past population estimates to account for newly available data . Birth data is a special problem : In estimating the number and characteristics of newborns , the agency relies in part on birth certificate information from the National Center for Health Statistics that is two years out of date . One reason that the bureau had to delay its claim of
. Those who switched parties were less politically engaged than people who stayed with their parties . And among Republicans and Republican - leaning independents , young people were far more
Jews face at least some discrimination – a 20 - percentage - point increase from 2016 ; the share saying Jews face “ a lot ” of discrimination has nearly doubled , from 13 % to 24 % . Democrats remain more likely than Republicans to say there is discrimination against Jews , but the shift in
a more important role in the world . Views that France ’s global position has remained the same are widespread . A plurality in eight of 10 countries say France plays as important a role as it did 10 years ago . French views of their own position in the world have changed over time . Compared with 2016 , more in France believe their role in the world has remained the same ( 43 % , up from 30 % ) , while fewer believe their role has diminished ( 30 % , down from 46 % ) . In France , people who place themselves on the ideological right are more likely to say France
. Among 1,005 adults interviewed over landline and cell phones June 18
- running annual survey is first distributed to a nationally representative sample of students in eighth , 10th and 12th grades , and a randomly selected sample from each senior class continues to receive surveys biannually after finishing high school . ) Nicotine was the most commonly cited substance being used in e - cigarettes for most groups of students in 2018 . Vaping just flavoring , by comparison , was more common for 12th graders ( 14 % ) , 10th graders ( 13 % ) and eighth graders ( 8 % ) than for college students ( 5 % ) in the previous month . Across all four student levels , the overall shares who report va
. Opinion among conservative and moderate Democrats is the reverse ( 39 % positive , 51 % negative ) . Among Republicans , negative views of the news media are shared by large majorities of both conservative Republicans ( 87 % ) and moderate and liberal
voters . The narrowing of the Democratic lead raises questions about whether the party will win a large enough share of the popular vote to recapture control of the House of Representatives . The relationship between a party ’s share of the
move forward . Overall , a median of 76 % across five Latin American countries support the lifting of the embargo , while only 13 % oppose such an action . Support for the U.S. removing the embargo , as with re - establishing diplomatic ties , is strongest in Argentina ( 79 % ) , Chile ( 77 % ) and Venezuela ( 76 % ) . Majorities of Brazilians ( 71 % ) and Mexicans ( 55 % ) also endorse the ending of the embargo , which would allow U.S. companies to do business in Cuba and Cuban
in one ’s national government and a sense that the economy is doing well , which reinforces the point that , for most countries surveyed here , satisfaction with the media aligns with satisfaction on other country conditions rather than along a left - right spectrum . These are among the major findings of a Pew Research
than some might anticipate , given that over the last year the new government has banned the group and labeled it a terrorist organization . 4Roughly six - in - ten ( 59 % ) say democracy is preferable to other types of government , although this is down slightly from 66 % last year . Most also continue to say it is important to live in a country with specific democratic rights and institutions , such as a fair judicial system , a free press and
’s Article 5 obligations as NATO members . In contrast to the mixed view of the UN ’s overall effectiveness , more people in the surveyed countries express satisfaction with how the World Health Organization ( WHO ) has handled the coronavirus pandemic : A median of 63 % say the multilateral institution has done a good job dealing with the COVID-19 crisis . Younger adults are particularly likely to hold this view . The survey of adults was conducted by telephone between June 10 and Aug. 3 , 2020 , in Australia , Belgium , Canada , Denmark , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , the Netherlands , South Korea ,
. Most Americans reject the idea of amending the Constitution to give states with larger populations more seats in the U.S. Senate
. Six - in - ten said it was intrusive . In this year ’s survey , 70 % in the UK disapprove of the EU ’s handling of the refugee issue and 55 % said the same about the EU ’s dealing with economic issues . 3The vote to leave reflects the desire of nearly two - thirds of the UK public to bring back some EU powers from Brussels to London . Fully 65 % of the British said before the referendum
.S. made the right decision in using military force in Iraq . Contrary to some perceptions about Vietnam , young people were not necessarily more opposed to that war than older adults , either . In a March 1966 Gallup survey , as United States involvement in the war was about to reach 385,000 troops , most Americans ( 59 % ) said the U.S. had not made a mistake getting involved in Vietnam . People in their 20s were more likely to express this view than those 50 and
they are worried “ not at all ” or “
secondary schools with an officer on site , which increased
it is among the world ’s greatest nations . Note : See full topline results
the U.S. ’s European allies should increase , decrease or maintain their defense spending , half of Americans say that spending levels should remain the same . This marks a notable shift in view from 2017 , when 45 % of Americans felt their allies in Europe should dedicate more resources to national defense . Germans view their country ’s defense spending differently . The public is divided on whether to increase or maintain current levels of spending on national defense , with about four - in -
operations wind down . Since April 10 , the number saying the war has been won has grown from a low of 32 % to a majority of 52 % in overnight interviewing conducted April 16 . A similar trend is seen in ratings of the military effort . Over the past week , 61 % have said the military operation is going very well , and another 32 % think it is going fairly well . Within days of the fall of Baghdad , and for the first
.S. and China vary considerably across regions and countries . In Europe , the U.S. gets mostly positive ratings . During the presidency of George W. Bush , anti - Americanism was common throughout much of Europe , but President Barack Obama has been consistently popular among Europeans , and since he took office in 2009 , Obama ’s popularity has given America ’s image a significant boost in the region . Currently , more than six - in - ten in
.S. involvement in the war in Lebanon in 2006 . There are sizable partisan differences in opinions about the Gaza conflict and in overall support for Israel . By nearly three - to - one ( 55 % to 20 % ) , Republicans approve of the military action Israel has taken in the Gaza Strip . Independents , by a smaller margin ( 44 % to 29 % ) , also approve of Israel ’s actions . However , a plurality of Democrats ( 45 % )
are deeply skeptical of information from food industry leaders on this issue . On the other hand , older adults , people who care more about childhood vaccine issues , and those who know more about science are , generally , more trusting of medical scientists working on childhood vaccine issues than are other people . It is important to keep in mind that public beliefs about science and scientists are n’t necessarily indicators of trust , per se . One example involves public support for the
vaccinations should be a parental choice , while there was no significant difference in attitudes based on education . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) reported 102 cases of measles in 14 states in the first 30 days of the new year , most of which were linked to an outbreak at Disneyland in California . Last year ’s 644 cases were the greatest number of cases since measles was eradicated from the U.S. in 2000 , according to the CDC . Parents and non - parents have similar outlooks about the safety of childhood vaccines . Eight - in - ten adults (
, or political opinion . ” Refugees are different from asylum seekers , who meet the same definition but are already residing in the U.S. or pursuing admission at a port of entry ( like the U.S.-Mexican border
in early 2010 caused by temporary Census workers ) . The private sector , meanwhile , has regained 6.78 million jobs since
, while 37 % said they cost too many jobs . Partisanship
’s first Empress since the
empty
was conducted under the direction of Princeton Survey Research Associates International . Further details on the methodology are in Appendix A
’s direction to shift following a change in party control of the presidency , the size of the shift among both Democrats and Republicans is more pronounced today than it was in either 2001 ( when GOP views grew more positive and Democratic views more negative after the transition from Clinton to Bush ) or in 2008 ( when Democratic views became more positive and Republican views more negative at the beginning of the Obama administration )
of 81 % in 1975 , while the share among House members peaked in 1967 at 75 % . However , there are signs more veterans could run for office in the future . 5The   Department of Veterans Affairs receives a low favorability rating . While the public expresses favorable views of many federal agencies , the VA received the lowest rating among 10 agencies and departments in a Pew Research Center survey earlier this year . Roughly half of U.S. adults ( 49 % ) had a favorable view of
a good thing for their country , while 29 % think it would be a bad thing . When the survey was administered in April and May ,
are plenty of jobs
’s also been observed in other advanced economies . Researchers have advanced multiple explanations for why fewer young people are finding jobs : fewer low - skill , entry - level jobs than in decades past ; more schools restarting before Labor Day ; more students enrolled in high school or college over the summer ; more teens doing unpaid community service work as part of their graduation requirements or to burnish their college applications ; and more students taking unpaid internships , which the
of health care exchanges and federal subsidies for low - income people in their state . States with federal exchanges : AL , AK , AZ , FL , GA , IN , KS , LA , ME , MS , MO , MT , NE , NJ , NC , ND , OH , OK , PA , SC , SD , TN , TX , UT , VA , WI , WY States with state - based exchanges : CA , CO , CT , DC , HI , ID , KY , MD
S. to monitor the phones of allied leaders , while 36 % say the practice is acceptable . There are virtually no partisan differences in these opinions . Roughly equal shares of partisans — 57 % of Republicans , 53 % of Democrats and 56 % of independents — say that the practice is unacceptable . News reports indicate that President Obama was unaware of the program to tap Merkel ’s
about the virus . Strongly partisan reactions to the government ’s response to COVID-19 outbreak . Partisanship is evident in the public ’s views of most national problems , and so far , the coronavirus outbreak is no exception . Perhaps the most striking example of this : 59 % of Democrats and
very high preventive health benefits from the vaccine , even as the shares who say this have increased among white Americans ( 61 % , up from 50 % in 2016 ) . ( Among Hispanic adults , the share rating preventive health benefits as very high is up by 12 points since 2016 , but this difference does not reach statistical significance . ) Adults with a child under age 18 are somewhat less positive about the MMR vaccine than those with no children under the
. Private households were the most immigrant - intensive “ industry ” in 2014 . Of the 947,000 people working for private households , 45 % were immigrants , with lawful immigrants slightly outnum
’s other priorities : 67 % rate improving education as a top priority , 66 % cite securing Social Security , 64 % reducing health care costs and 61 % securing Medicare . However , the budget deficit – which surged in importance between 2009 and 2013 – has lost ground since then . Currently , 64 % say reducing the budget deficit is a top priority ; that is little changed from last year ( 63 % ) , but down eight points since 2013 . At the same time , other priorities are now viewed as more important . Increasing percentages say improving the nation ’s infrastructure ( up 12 points since
on unauthorized immigrants overall , unauthorized immigrants in the workforce and the share of unauthorized immigrants who are
in 24 different sectors spanning the U.
a difference when they really are n’t
Republicans and Republican leaners oppose same - sex marriage , while 47 % favor this . As recently as 2013 , Republicans opposed gay marriage by nearly two - to - one ( 61 % to 33 % ) . Younger white evangelicals . Overall , white evangelical Protestants continue to stand out for their opposition to same - sex - marriage : 35 % of white evangelical Protestants favor same - sex marriage , compared with a 59 % majority who are opposed . But younger white evangelicals have grown more
” applies “ very well ” or “ pretty well ” to them and a similar share of library website users ( 98 % ) also strongly identified with being lifelong learners . Moreover , 84 % of those who visited a library in the past 12 months fit our definition of personal learner , compared with 66 % of those who had not recently visited a library or bookmobile . Recent library users are more likely than others to read “ how to ” publications , take
economic aid to needy people around the world should be increased , up
be far more likely than Republicans ( 44 % ) to have a positive impression of
’s little changed from recent weeks . Interest is comparable among different partisan groups , income levels and regions of the country . About a third of the public ( 35 % ) says they very closely followed news about the debate in Washington over how best to create jobs and reduce the federal deficit . There is little difference among partisans in the numbers tracking this highly partisan fight ( 40 % of Republicans , 36 % of Democrats and 33 % of independents say they followed this news very
. Most of those who had opposed opening impeachment proceedings and now approve of the decision are Democrats and
.   Only 26 % of Russians now have a favorable view of the U.S. ,
- in - ten or more Republicans ( 65 % ) , Democrats ( 72 % ) and independents ( 62 % ) say it will ultimately be successful . Slightly more now say their greater concern about U.S. military action in Iraq and Syria is that the U.S. will not go far enough in stopping the militants ( 50 % ) than go too far getting involved in the situation ( 42 % ) . However , these views have shown little change from July , when 48 % were more concerned about
increased business ties and trade with other countries is good for their country . And both Americans and Germans believe free trade with other countries is generally beneficial to them personally : 68 % of Americans say this , while 53 % of Germans agree . But on the specific benefits of trade , Germans and Americans are less convinced . For example , only about three - in - ten Germans and Americans say that trade increases wages . Just under four - in - ten in each country say trade with other countries creates jobs . And 32 % in Germany and 37 % in the U.S. say trade decreases prices , which is supposed to
; only 36 % of Republicans do so . There ’s more agreement , however , when it comes to information from the Chinese government : 84 % of Americans say they place not too much or no trust in information from Beijing regarding the coronavirus outbreak . Many also believe the current crisis will have a long - term impact on China ’s global stature : 50 % say China will have less influence in world affairs after the pandemic . As a March Pew Research Center survey found ,
’ shooting , the upheaval in the Middle East , the disasters in Japan and the killing of Osama bin Laden – dominated the news and the public ’s interest . At this early stage in the campaign , relatively small numbers say they are following election news more closely than other major stories . For example , 9 % say they followed news about the candidates most closely last week , while 22 % say news about the condition of the U.S. economy was their top story and 13 % cite the debate in Washington over the federal deficit and the national debt . Over the past month , interest among Republicans
- in - ten ( 71 % ) adults under age 30 believe that everything possible should be done to make it easy for every citizen to vote , while only about a quarter ( 27 % ) say that citizens should have to prove they want to vote by registering ahead of time . Although a majority of adults 30 and older ( 56 % ) also support making it easy for citizens to vote , roughly four - in
crime in the U.
for some other key players in the international arena . Americans who have positive opinions of China and Russia also tend to give the U.N. good reviews , while those with unfavorable opinions of these major powers also tend to see the international body in a negative light . For example , 81 % of those expressing a favorable view of China also have a favorable view of the
on vaccinations along party
– just 30 % were following the shutdown debate very closely . While the media scandal in England involving newspapers owned by Rupert Murdoch ’s News Corporation accounted for 17 % of last week ’s coverage , public interest in the U.S. remained relatively modest : 16 % say they very closely followed news about how newspapers owned by Murdoch ’s corporation may have hacked into people ’s phones and illegally obtained financial and medical records . Just 3 % say this was the news they followed most closely . About seven
’s about the same as the 63 % that said the issue was hard to understand in mid - July . About three - in - ten ( 31 % ) say health care reform is easy to understand , little changed since July . More than six - in - ten Americans ( 63 % ) say they have seen ads about health care reform in the past few weeks , while 36 % say they
in the United States . Close to three - quarters ( 73 % ) say that
health care reform legislation late in the evening of Nov. 7 . Barack Obama ’s overall job approval ratings have held relatively steady over the past four months : currently , 51 % of Americans say they approve of his job performance ; this figure has fluctuated between 51 % and 55 % since July . The share who disapprove – currently 36 % – has ranged between 33 % and 37 % over the same time period . ( For a detailed breakout of Obama ’s overall job approval , see the tables at the end of this report . ) Obama ’s overall job approval rating tends to exceed his performance ratings
. More than three - quarters ( 78 % ) say they generally approve of his international policies . Attitudes toward former President George W. Bush were quite different — in 2007 , only 28 % had confidence in Bush to do the right thing . While Obama and his overall foreign policy are very popular , his approach to Afghanistan , where nearly 3,000 Canadian troops are currently deployed , is not . Half of Canadians say U.S. and NATO forces should withdraw as soon as
the top news stories of the week were collected August 4 - 7 from a nationally
the negative characteristics tested : Most say he is arrogant , intolerant and dangerous , while relatively few think of him as well - qualified or as someone who cares about ordinary people . Describing Trump as charismatic is more common , though global publics on balance do not think of him as charismatic , either . They do , however , see Trump as a strong leader – a median of 55 % across the nations polled describe him this way . 8Trump gets his lowest ratings in
be more cautious when he is president . 3The GOP ’s image has improved .   In the aftermath of the election , the Republican Party ’s image is more positive than it has been in years . Currently , about equal shares view the GOP favorably ( 47 % ) and unfavorably ( 49 % ) . The share that views the Republican Party favorably is up 7 percentage points since October and is
. The proposal to build the wall was one of several contentious issues that loomed over a meeting between Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Mexican officials this week
have a greater probability of being included in the combined sample and adjusts for household size within the landline sa mple . Sampling errors and statistical tests of significance take into account the effect of weighting . The following table shows the error attributable to sampling that would be expected at the 95 % level of confidence for different groups in the survey : In addition to sampling
- in - ten ( 59 % ) of debate watchers under 30 say they have found them fun to watch , compared to about half of debate watchers 30 and older . When it comes to whether the debates have helped watchers learn about the candidates , there are virtually no differences by age . For example , 70 % of those under the age of 30 and 68 % of those 65 and older say the debates have been helpful
- controlled oil company Petrobras , Operation Car Wash , has been underway since 2014 . In the spring of the same year , 86 % of the Brazilian public voiced disapproval of Rousseff ’s handling of corruption in the country , and 78 % cited corrupt political leaders as a very big problem . Only six - in - ten Brazilians now have a favorable view of their own country , with 39 % voicing an unfavorable opinion . This includes a sharp decline in opinion of Brazil in the past year , with favorable views dropping 17 percentage points since 2014 . Note : See here for top
believed the income gap between the rich and poor had widened over the last decade . Just 20
- ended question in the same 2017 survey asked Americans to predict the biggest improvements to life over the next 50 years . The top responses were expected improvements from technology ( 22 % ) or from medicine and health ( 20 % ) . Expectations for biomedical and technological advancements are in keeping with a 2016 Pew Research Center survey in which 81 % of U.S. adults said they fully expected artificial organs to be routinely available for transplant , 66 %
U.S. stands above ; 37 % say it does , while 55 % say the U.S. is one of the greatest countries , along with some others . Democrats and independents continue to be less likely than Republicans to view the U.S. as exceptional , and fewer say this today than did so in 2011 . Currently , about a quarter of Democrats and independents   say the U.S. stands above all other countries in the world ( down from about a third in 2011 ) . Still , most Democrats view the U.S. as among the greatest nations in the world : 62 % say it shares this status with some
the time with nothing ever really changing . Another 55 % say they often feel they do not have enough background information to follow budget news stories . About half ( 49 % ) say that news about the deficit issue depresses them . Fewer than half ( 44 % ) say that the large numbers involved in following the deficit issue make it difficult to understand . For a majority of Americans ( 54 % ) , the vast amounts involved are not an impedime
’s job performance , while 88 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners disapprove . Similarly , assessments of Trump ’ s personal traits and characteristics , including his trustworthiness , leadership and ability to get things done , have not changed much over the course of his presidency . Trump continues to get low ratings for his temperament : Just 28 % of Americans say he is even - tempered , while 69 % say that description does not apply . A somewhat larger share ( 36 % ) says Trump is trustworthy ; a majority ( 61 % ) says Trump
. These reviews led to the   publication of the landmark   “ Brahimi Report ” in 2000 ( named for   panel Chairman Lakhdar Brahimi ) , which recommended , among other reforms , that the UN   be able to rapidly deploy its forces into conflict zones   after authorization and be more aggressive in asserting itself . The   size of UN peacekeeping   forces   again increased   in the 2000s , as their services   were sought by a growing number of conflict - ridden countries and their neighbors . In   October 2005 , as the number of peacekeepers
. Bush ( primarily older Xers and younger Boomers ) were more Republican in their preferences . As of the 2012 election , both older and younger Millennials favored Obama by wide margins . Those who came of age during Bush ’s presidency ( those born 1983 to 1990 , older Millennials ) favored Obama over Romney by 19 percentage points more than the national average . Those who came of age during Obama ’s first term ( born 1991 to 1994 , mostly younger Millennials ) voted for Obama
the UNHCR
. A 56 % majority of conservative Republicans say the general public should have a major role in climate policy matters . Those in other political groups , including moderate and liberal Republicans , put climate scientists at the top of their list of who should play a major role . Fewer Americans say elected officials and leaders from other nations should have a major role in climate policy decisions , compared with other stakeholders . Conservative Republicans are particularly likely to say elected officials and leaders from other nations should have no policymaking role . About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) among this group says leaders from other nations
Research Center analysis . While the research does not address reasons these marriages last longer , we do know college - educated adults marry later in life and are more financially secure than less - educated adults . While more - educated women have the highest chances for a long - term marriage , college - educated men also stand out . Roughly two - thirds ( 65 % ) of men with a bachelor ’s degree could expect that , if they marry , their first marriage will last 20 years
a sense that a promise for a stable and prosperous Egypt , bolstered by democratic legitimacy , might not be achieved with one presidential vote .
For most publics included in the survey , a familiar complaint about American foreign
on the center ’s residual methodology , in which legal immigration is subtracted from the adjusted total foreign - born population to arrive at a total for unauthorized immigrants . These estimates slightly revise previously published estimates for 2000 - 2011 ( Passel and Cohn , 2012a ) to account for
- to 29 - year - olds read books in digital formats only , compared with 7 % of 30- to 49 - year - olds and 5 % of those 50 and older . As was the case in previous Pew Research Center surveys on book reading , certain groups of Americans read at relatively high rates
. In the wake of the Charlie Hebdo massacre , two - thirds in
. However , the public ’s brighter outlook on jobs has
’ social media posts outpace their websites and emails as sources of this news . Roughly a quarter of U.
the highest interracial marriage rate among all single - race groups . Women are slightly more likely to “ marry out ” than men in this group : 61 % of American Indian female newlyweds married outside their race , compared with 54 % of American Indian male newlyweds . The trend toward more interracial marriages is undoubtedly related , at least in part , to changing social norms . Our previous surveys have documented growing acceptance among the public . In 2014 , 37 % of Americans said having more people
issues to their vote . Other issues that rank highly on voters ’ 2016 importance list include foreign policy ( 75 % very important ) ,
’s gender is determined by their sex assigned at birth , a view shared by just 24 % of white Democrats . Millennials are somewhat more likely than older generations to say someone can be a man or a woman , even if that is different from the sex they were assigned at birth . Half of Millennials say this , compared with roughly four - in - ten Gen Xers ( 41 % ) , Boomers ( 43 % ) and members of the Silent Generation ( 37 % ) . However , this generational gap goes away when partisanship is
high percentages of Republicans , such as military leaders , have a more positive view of Bush ’s job performance . The military leaders also are more optimistic about prospects for success in Iraq than are members of other groups . The Iraq war and continuing threat of terrorism have dramatically affected the way opinion leaders and the public look at potential threats from other countries . Four years ago , there was broad concurrence , if not a consensus , that China represented the greatest danger to the United States
t own a smartphone . More than four - in - ten do n’t have home broadband services ( 44 % ) or a traditional computer ( 46
teens view proposals focused on mental illness , assault - style weapon bans and the use of metal detectors in schools as potentially effective than say the same
. Though not yet available , it ’s possible the data will show applications will have continued to rise this
By comparison , white Democrats are divided on this question : 49 % say they are bothered and 51 % say they are not . Perhaps not surprisingly , these views are associated with which candidate voters backed on the eve of the first primaries and caucuses . Nearly eight - in - ten of those who said in a January survey that Biden was their first choice for the Democratic presidential nomination ( 79 % ) now say the likely Democratic nominee being a white man in his 70s does not
if machines could do them faster or cheaper ( 58 % in favor ) . In addition , a notably larger share
with just 38 % of 18- to 29 - year - olds
and 70 % of those in Britain holding that view . In Spain , 62 % say use of force is sometimes necessary while Germans are evenly divided with half saying the
The percentage of Russians with a favorable view of the U.S. has also declined sharply over the past two years , dropping from 51 % in 2013 to 15 % this spring . 4The president ’s trip to India may have helped his image there .   About three - in - four Indians express confidence in Obama , up from 48 % in 2014 .   It ’s been a year of high - profile visits in the U.S.-India relationship .
Another 31 % say they are
degree say they have little control over their fate , while just 22 % of college graduates share this view . Americans also distinguish themselves from Western Europeans on
election news very closely . Republicans have recorded generally higher levels of interest than Democrats or independents during a primary season that included a number of intense fights between more mainstream members of their party and those more closely aligned with the Tea Party movement . Three - quarters of Republicans say this year ’s elections are more important than most , higher than the 66 % of Democrats and 58 % of independents that concur . But Republicans are also more likely to agree that news coverage of politics these days makes them angry . Nearly two - thirds of Republicans say this ( 64 % ) , compared with 53 % of
) or reports about the condition of the U.
either relatively modest ( such as the 8 - point differences in Kenya and Lebanon ) or nonexistent , as in the case of Vietnam and the Philippines . Most of those
human being before us . And yet , a pair of Pew Research Center surveys on life extension and human enhancement show that many U.
, roughly half ( 52 % ) believe the spread of infectious diseases between countries is a major threat and four - in - ten ( 40 % ) label it a minor threat . However , the public shows less concern today about the international spread of diseases than it did in May 2001 : About two - thirds ( 66 % ) then said it was a major threat , following an outbreak of foot - and -
Trump is handling his job as president , while 54 % disapprove . ( Also new today : Disagreements about Trump widely seen as reflecting divides over ‘ other values and goals ’ . ) Overall , more Americans ( 61 % ) say they are very or somewhat confident that Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller will conduct a fair investigation into Russia ’s involvement in the 2016 election ; 37 % are not too confident or
) . While the feelings that corporations and the wealthy do not pay their fair share are
that having too many other obligations is a major reason for this difficulty , and about the same share ( 39 % ) say being unable to miss work would be a major reason . Additionally , the July survey looks at people ’s views about what happens to their personal information once it is in the hands of others .
by publics in most of the European countries surveyed . Roma , also known as Gypsies , are seen in a less sympathetic light . A median of 78 % of
five years before — those
of Democrats who preferred Sanders
as the internet has taken on a central role in how people find and apply for work , a minority of Americans would find it difficult to engage in many digital job seeking
. But retrospective evaluations of how Bush dealt with the 9/11 attacks in the time right after 9/11 are generally positive : 56 % today say they approve and 38 % disapprove Nonetheless , this is a substantially lower rating than Bush enjoyed at the time , when 86 % approved of his job performance , including 96 % of Republicans , 85 % of independents , and 81 % of Democrats . In September 2001 , a majority of
his favorability rating among registered voters ( 50 % ) is now about the same as Obama ’s ( 52 % ) . But Obama continues to lead his rival on many personal characteristics
. Survey respondents who said they believe in God with no doubts also disagreed most strongly ( 61 % ) with the statement “ In my opinion , life does not serve any purpose . ”
- in - ten ( 80 % ) Republicans and Republican leaners believe a top objective of U.S. energy policy should be reducing dependence on foreign energy sources – a view shared by 61 % of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents . The two parties tend to agree on the relative importance of economic issues when considering energy policies , with 56 % of Democrats and 59 % and Republicans saying that creating jobs within the energy sector should be a top priority , and 61 % and 71 % , respectively , saying the U.S. should focus most on keeping consumer energy prices low . Liberal Democrats are less likely to give top priority to maintaining low
about half ( 52 % ) who say it is very acceptable . Among Hispanics , 69 % say it ’s very or somewhat acceptable for athletes to talk about politics , while a narrower majority of white adults ( 56 % ) say the same . There are sharp partisan differences in these views . While eight - in - ten Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents say it is very or somewhat acceptable for professional athletes to speak out about politics , a majority of Republicans and Republican leaners ( 58 % ) say this is not too or not at all acceptable . Many Democrats and Republicans feel strongly about
the vast majority expressing this opinion say Republican leaders are to blame ( 88 % ) . And when asked whether they are “ angry , ” “ frustrated , ” or “ basically content ” with government these days , 28 % of Democratic voters say they are angry . This is up from 20 % in 2004 and just 11 % in 2000 . More important , in 2000 there was no partisan divide in feelings of anger toward government , while today four times as many Democrats as Republicans say they are angry at government . This anger plays a large role in the high level of enthusiasm among Democratic voters . Fully 71 % of Democratic voters who describe themselves as “ angry ”
of 18 and 34 ( 81 % ) favor such laws , a rise from 62 % in a 2014 Gallup survey . Gallup also has found that an increasing share of Americans say doctor - assisted suicide , in general , is morally
with 62 % saying they had “ very warm ” feelings toward him . Their feelings were expressed on a 0 - 100
such a wide advantage over Romney among women ( 59 % to 38 % in February ) . In both February and March , Obama ran about even with Romney
in Congress are handling the shutdown negotiations , just 11 % of Republicans say the same . About six - in - ten adults
up from 11 % in 1960 . Today , 31 % of women who are married to or cohabiting with a male partner contribute at least half of the couple ’s total earnings , up from just 13 % in 1980 . But men earn more than women in 69 % of married or cohabiting couples
.S. legally , provided certain requirements are met . Public opinion about building a fence along the entire U.S.-Mexican border has shown virtually no change since 2007 or 2o11 . But age and partisan differences in opinions about a proposed border fence have widened , with Republicans becoming more supportive and Democrats less so over the past four years . Nearly three - quarters of Republicans ( 73
15 % of parents with children under age 18 say they have discussed the
- in - ten adults on Twitter say they are Democrats or lean toward the Democratic Party , compared with 52 % of all Americans , according to the late 2018 survey . And on an 11 - point scale ranging from 0 ( “ very conservative ” ) to 10 ( “ very liberal ” ) , only 14 % of adult Twitter users in the U.S. place themselves between 0 and 2 , compared with one - in - four Americans overall . 4Twitter stands out as one of the social media sites with the most news - focused users . Around seven - in - ten adult Twitter
be worse off a year from now , up from just 8 % in September and the highest level since June 2011 . Overall , 37 % expect the economy
published on Jan. 16 , 2015 . See the “ How
of Hispanic and Asian recent arrivals in 2015 ; the corrected complete year shares are 31 % and 36 % , respectively . Back to top The U.S.-born children of immigrants ( second - generation
. Trump ’s personality is mentioned quite often both positively and negatively . Among those who
of the extremist group Hamas . Six - in - ten Muslims in Jordan have a favorable opinion of the militant Palestinian organization , while just 34 % have an unfa
entrenched in Texas counties that share a border with Mexico
as Democrats and leaning Democrats to say Zika is a threat to public
- in - ten Democratic gun owners ( 58 % ) said they opposed allowing teachers to carry in schools , with 39 % expressing strong opposition to this idea . The survey also asked about other proposals to expand or restrict gun rights . It found broad public support for preventing people with mental illnesses from purchasing guns ( 89 % said they favored it ) ; requiring background checks for private sales and at gun shows ( 84 % ) ; and barring gun purchases by people on
. 64 % ) . It is important to bear in mind that the factors that are associated with being angry and frustrated can not be said to have caused officers to feel this way . For example , while the study shows that officers who say their job nearly always or often makes them feel angry and frustrated are more likely than their colleagues to agree that “ hard , physical ” tactics are needed for some people , that does not mean that often being angry and frustrated necessarily causes an officer to support the use of more aggressive methods . By the same token , it can not be claimed that
to people . If the traditional American view of privacy is the “ right to be left alone , ” the 21st -
Nearly two - thirds ( 63 % ) of Facebook users and the same share of Twitter users get news via each of the social media sites . This is
. Topline results can
( from Monday through Sunday ) PEJ compiles this
- in - ten voters ages 65 and older ( 39 % ) said it is very important to them to hear from the presidential campaigns , compared with 30 % of those 50 to 64 , 20 % of those 30 to 49 and just 15 % of those ages 18 to 29 . Slightly more 18- to 29 - year - old voters ( 37 % ) said it is somewhat important to them , compared with roughly three - in - ten saying the same in the other age groups . Between April and June , interest in hearing messages from the campaigns went up in every racial ,
. One - in - ten Americans say they contacted an elected official about the federal budget deficit in the past month . That doubles to 20 % among Republicans and Republican - leaning independents who agree with the Tea Party movement . Those Republicans and GOP leaners who agree with the Tea Party also tracked news about the debt ceiling debate much more closely than those who do not agree with the movement ( 66 % very closely vs. 34 % ) or the public as
because they take jobs , housing and health care . The share saying immigrants strengthen the country has edged down from a high of 57 % reached last year . Over the longer term
more likely to mention
time in five years , defending against terrorist attacks was cited by a roughly equal share of the public . How Americans view the economy has been a key factor in how favorably
have heard “ nothing at all ” about the caucus , according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted April 5 - 11 among 1,501 U.
for their family to afford . But the Chinese are almost as concerned about equity in China as they are about inflation
the great media attention to the
of the adult population that is middle income decreased in Finland , Germany , Italy , Luxembourg , Norway and Spain ( as it did in the U.S. ) , but increased in France , Ireland , the Netherlands , and the United Kingdom . The largest shares of the adult population in middle - income households in 2010 were found in Denmark ( 80 % ) , Norway ( 80 % ) , and the Netherlands ( 79 % ) , while the smallest shares were found in Italy ( 67 % ) , the
is more common among men , whites and those who live in rural
of trust that people tend to place in others . Across the countries surveyed , those who say that , in general , most people can be trusted express more support for compromising with other countries and express a higher degree of favorability toward international institutions including the European Union and the United Nations . In 11 of the
say that jobs are difficult to find in their area ( 61 %
.S. Jews who say this ( 31 % ) . An additional 22 % of Muslims say that religion is somewhat important in their lives , while fewer say that religion is not too or not at all important to them . At the same time , American Muslims openly acknowledge that there is room for multiple interpretations of the teachings of Islam . A majority ( 64 % ) say there is more than one true way to interpret the faith ’s teachings , while just half as many ( 31 % ) say there is only one true way to interpret Islam . And it ’s not
a negative rather than a positive influence on morality , and they are divided about its effect on politics . Overall , a median of 64 % across 32 emerging and developing nations say the
the U.S. as a top foreign policy partner ; fewer Americans feel the same way
. First , it looks at those who connect via standard computer . Some 46 % of adults now own
are all prominent factors in who discusses and follows crime news . ( It is important to note that these three demographic variables are related to each other : Blacks in Macon and Hispanics in Denver report lower levels of income and education . ) Differences between women and men are less pronounced . Both tend to follow crime at roughly the same rates , but in Denver and Sioux City , women are more likely to discuss the topic with others . Nearly two - thirds ( 64 % ) of women in Denver say they
say yes , 46 % say no . In contrast , an overwhelming majority of Russians ( 85 % ) think the U.S. government interferes in the domestic affairs of other
.S. ’s European allies should increase , decrease or maintain their defense spending , half of Americans say that spending levels should remain the same . This marks a notable shift in view from 2017 , when 45 % of Americans felt their allies in Europe should dedicate more resources to national defense . Germans view their country ’s defense spending differently . The public is divided on whether to increase or maintain current levels of spending on national defense , with about four - in -
potential presidential candidates , according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of top U.
the earthquake and tsunami damage at the Fukushima Daiichi plant still ongoing , a majority of Japanese ( 59 % ) are worried that
are weighted to correct known
the time while nearly as many ( 53 % ) admit that they often lack the background information needed to follow news about Afghanistan . In that regard ,
- thirds of married or cohabiting couples , men earn more than women As women in the U.S. have increased their labor force participation and earning power , their contributions to household incomes have grown . These trends , along with the fact that women with higher levels of education and income are more likely to marry , have boosted the economic status of married households . Today , married adults are much more likely to live in upper - income households than are non - married adults . At the same time , income dynamics among couples have shifted . In 1980 , only 13 % of
and just 3 % who say they have heard the most about John McCain . As recently as
An overwhelming 91 % say that they consider the right to vote as essential to their own personal sense of freedom . A 59 % majority says that everything possible should be done to make it easy for every citizen to vote , while 39 % say that citizens should have to prove they really want to vote by registering ahead of
English in 2017 – more than all other foreign languages learned combined by a large margin , according to data from Eurostat , the statistics arm of the European Commission . The next - most studied languages in European schools are French , German and
– the most recent election in which there were contested nominations in both parties –
Note : See full topline results
but very unfa
foreign investment in new plants in the United States is a good thing for the U.S. economy , but just 28 % believe that foreign acquisition of firms in the U.S. is beneficial . Major trading nations are currently involved in negotiating two mega - regional trade agreements : The Trans - Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership ( TTIP ) . TPP involves the United States , Japan and ten other nations on both sides of the Pacific Ocean , which account for nearly two - fifths of world GDP and one - third of world trade . TT
a smaller share of the total labor force , both in absolute numbers and as a share of the whole . Hispanics , meanwhile , are expected to account for three - quarters of this decade ’s growth in the nation ’s labor force , according to a Pew Research Center analysis . That growth was in evidence last month , as employment among Hispanics grew by 74,000 and unemployment grew by 99,000 , while the number of Hispanics not in the labor force fell by 94,000 . The employment - to - population ratio , which tracks how many people have jobs
, while just 11
the opposition has a bad influence on the country ’s direction – nearly on par with Maduro ’s negative
is causing them concern . Here are six key findings from the report : 1The public generally expresses more worry than enthusiasm about emerging automation technologies – especially when it
science findings . 1Some public divides over science issues
from publics in the Asia - Pacific , with more than eight - in - ten in South Korea ( 84 % ) , Indonesia ( 82 % ) and the Philippines ( 82 % ) looking favorably
to a 2019 survey . That ’s similar to the share who ever get news on Twitter ( 17 % ) , but far smaller than the shares who ever get news on Facebook ( 52 % ) or YouTube ( 28 % ) . There are considerable demographic differences in who gets news from Instagram . Around six - in - ten of the site ’s news users ( 62 % ) are women while 38 % are men , according to the same 2019 survey . Around eight - in - ten of the site ’s news users are under the age of 50 , while a
% of all such visas granted that year . 3   Not all Indian
the findings from multivariate analyses , a statistical technique which allows researchers to look at the relative influence of each characteristic , or factor , in predicting respondents ’ views on each
it as a very big problem in Pakistan , South Korea , the Philippines , and China . Worries about inequality also are less prevalent in
in political life . In Pakistan , 86 % of Muslim respondents expressed that view , as did large majorities of Muslims in Indonesia ( 82 % ) and Jordan ( 73 % ) . In Turkey , however , far fewer Muslims ( 41 % ) think that Islam should play
on their smartphone ( 59 % vs. 36 % ) . Similarly , parents under the age of 50
the country illegally . By contrast , Hispanics have consistently disapproved of the so -
2011 parities , which represent a step forward in methodology and the latest understanding of how the cost of living compares across countries.22 The starting point , 2001 , is one decade earlier and marks the beginning of the century . Data for 90 of the 111 countries included in the report come from the World Bank ’s PovcalNet database . A simpler , user - friendly
An overwhelming share of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 86 % ) say the trial should result in Trump remaining in office , while roughly the same share of Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 85
was very or somewhat difficult to find enough poll workers for that year ’s general election . Of the 2,817 jurisdictions that answered the question , just 15 % said it was very or somewhat easy to find enough poll workers . This challenge is already playing out amid the coronavirus outbreak : Wisconsin has struggled to recruit poll workers and even asked its National Guard to assist in primaries originally scheduled for April 7 . Gov. Tony Evers issued an executive order to delay the primaries until
.S. ’s European allies should increase , decrease or maintain their defense spending , half of Americans say that spending levels should remain the same . This marks a notable shift in view from 2017 , when 45 % of Americans felt their allies in Europe should dedicate more resources to national defense . Germans view their country ’s defense spending differently . The public is divided on whether to increase or maintain current levels of spending on national defense , with about four - in -
the highest percentage for any group included in the survey .
in countries like the United Kingdom , Germany , France and Spain were quite low . Today , Trump gets similar marks as Bush in these four nations . 4Europeans who favor right - wing parties are generally more likely to have confidence in Trump . Those with a favorable view of right - wing parties in France , the UK , Italy , the Netherlands , Sweden and Germany tend
. Among Republicans and Republican leaners who agree with the Tea Party , as many say the focus of deficit reduction efforts should be mostly on programs cuts ( 48 % ) as on a combination of both cuts and tax increases ( 44 % ) . Non - Tea Party Republicans support a combination of program cuts and tax increases over mostly focusing on cuts to major programs by a 63%-26 % margin .
: 66 % of Democrats say the unemployment
of the public . The Center ’s survey found wide differences among political groups in views of climate scientists , but public confidence in scientists and medical scientists
( 7 % ) . Even among Republicans themselves the pattern stands . Last week
- term implications of a type of gene editing – known as germline editing – that could change the human gene pool in the future . ( Gene editing done only in somatic cells , by contrast , would not be passed on to future offspring . ) Asked specifically about this possibility , Americans are more reluctant to embrace gene editing when it could affect future generations . Roughly half of adults ( 49 % ) said gene editing would be less acceptable to them if the effects “ changed
it is among the world ’s greatest nations . Note : See full topline results
Republicans holding less favorable views of the pontiff than Catholic Democrats . That polarization persists today , with roughly nine - in - ten ( 87 % ) Catholic Democrats and Democratic leaners viewing Francis favorably compared with 71 % among Catholic Republicans and Republican leaners . A majority ( 59 % ) of religious “ nones ” – those who describe their religious affiliation as atheist , agnostic or “ nothing in
country ( Pakistan ) . Five African countries are projected to be in the
in the survey in which he fails to earn majority approval is the issue of
- digit edge going back to when this question was first asked more than 25 years ago in 1988 . The Democratic Party also leads the Republican Party as the party that governs in a more honest and ethical way
is broader support for compromise today than on the eve of a possible government shutdown earlier
, the deficit ranked behind only improving the job situation and the economy on
. Most of the rise in positive views of the law ’s effect on the country has come among Democrats and independents . The share of Democrats who view the law ’s impact on the nation positively has risen 24 percentage points ( from 42 % in December 2013 to 66 % today ) , while the share of independents who say it has had a positive impact has risen from 17 % in December 2013 to 36 % today . Only one - in - ten Republicans ( 10 % ) say the law has had a positive effect on the country , little changed since 2013 . The latest national
. Republicans , however , are slightly more divided by ideology . Conservative Republicans are more likely than moderate to liberal Republicans to say social media have a mostly negative effect ( 83 % vs. 70 % ) . Conversely , moderate to liberal Republicans are more likely than their conservative counterparts to say social media have a mostly positive ( 8 % vs. 4 % ) or neutral impact ( 21 % vs. 13 % ) . Younger adults are more likely to say social media have a positive impact on the way things are going in
this year , a Pew Research Center analysis of State Department data found a sharp decline in the number of refugees who have entered the U.S. so far in fiscal year 2018 compared with prior
, 57 % of Americans want the U.S. to deal with its own
they are paying more attention to politics since Donald Trump ’s election ;
. Overall , 54 % of Americans say the Trump administration is doing too little to
be far more likely than Republicans ( 44 % ) to have a positive impression of
A slim plurality of Americans ( 49 % ) now supports bringing the troops home as soon as possible , while 47 % favor maintaining troops in Iraq until the situation there is stabilized . A year ago , a narrow majority ( 52 % ) favored a troop withdrawal as soon as possible , compared with 43 % who favored keeping the troops in Iraq . Public support for a troop pullout peaked at 56 % in June 2007 . The percentage favoring withdrawing the troops as soon as
. Around half in each group ( 48 % of Democrats and 49 % of Republicans ) say they are very concerned , according to a Pew Research Center survey of
s of views
the national economy , the Affordable Care Act , and the president ’s job performance accurately predict congressional voting intentions . For example , in the most recent Pew Research survey , these three pieces of information are enough to identify 86 % of registered voters who plan to vote for the Republican candidate in their district . The poll from which these analyses were made found 47 % of registered voters supporting or leaning to Republican candidates in their district compared to 43 % favoring the Democratic   candidates . This
“ not so strongly ” approve of the president . ( The remaining 4 %
of its overall coverage to Ledger ’s death —
as a major threat to the United States . In 2001 , 38 % of foreign policy opinion leaders said that China ’s emergence was a major threat , as did 30 % in 2005 . More important , there is a growing belief among CFR members that China , along with India , will be more important U.S. allies in the future . Majorities of the Council members
- quoted by advocates of tighter background checks – that 91 % supported a law requiring checks on people buying guns at gun shows . Obama took note of that in an April speech in Denver , saying “ Think about it :   How often do 90 percent of Americans agree on anything ? ” But later that month , the Senate bill on background checks went down to defeat when advocates could n’t muster the 60 votes necessary to pass it . And in May , the overall trend
Trump playing in his administration : 50 % say Trump will be in charge of what goes on in his administration most of the time , while 43 % say other people will be really running the government . In January 2001 , following the election of George W. Bush , a CBS / New York Times survey found that 38 % thought Bush would be in charge of what goes on in his administration most of the time , compared with 53 % who said other people would be really running the government . Views of
% give “ the voters ” a grade of A or B – the lowest percentage after any election
Research Center . ) Overall , around 5 million U.S.-born children younger than 18 were living with at least one unauthorized immigrant parent in 2016 , up from around 4.5 million in 2007 , according to the new estimates . The number of U.S.-born children has leveled off in recent years , reflecting the decline in births and the decrease in the
. But another parental warning – “ You could put your eye out ! ” – is borne out by the NEISS data . Eyeballs were the most commonly injured body part for July 1 - 8 , 2018 , accounting for one - in - six fireworks - related injuries ( 16.6 % ) . The face ( 13.7 % ) , hands ( 11.8 % ) and fingers ( 11.5 % ) were next most - frequently hurt ; together , those four body parts accounted
% favorable . This year , there also has been a significant downturn in the number of evangelicals who believe the Republican Party “ governs in an honest and ethical way . ” In January 2006 , a majority of evangelicals ( 55 % ) said that this phrase better described the Republican Party than the Democratic Party . In a poll conducted this month , however , just 42 %
. Large majorities
. Republicans continue to be more wary of China than Democrats across many questions in this report . Nearly three - quarters of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents see China unfavorably , compared with roughly six - in - ten Democrats and Democratic leaners . They are also more worried about China when it comes to cybersecurity and economic issues such as job losses to China
. At the same time , trust in the U.S. president has dropped substantially . South Koreans ’ confidence in Trump more than doubled from 2017 to 2018 and remained at that level in 2019 . That year
the way those views sometimes
a majority of Americans ( 61 % ) say it is very important that the tone of debate among political leaders is respectful . Yet as with most other ideals , few say
for the departments and agencies in the survey – 49 % view it
. Other Findings Republicans are divided over Planned Parenthood . Among conservative Republicans and Republican leaners who indicate some likelihood of voting in a GOP primary , 69 % say they would be more likely to support a candidate who wants to end federal funding for Planned Parenthood . Among moderate and liberal Republican voters , just 28 % say they would be more likely to favor such a candidate . There also is a large ideological divide among Republicans over whether any budget agreement must eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood . Democrats are divided over banks , Iran agreement . Among possible Democratic primary voters , more liberals ( 60 % ) than moderates or conservatives ( 38 %
