Married adults are more likely than those who are living with a partner to say things are going very well in their relationship ( 58 % vs. 41 % ) .
Most Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 61 % ) believe the marches and demonstrations held in April will benefit public support for science . By contrast , just 22 % of Republicans and independents who lean to the GOP say the marches will help drive public support for science , while six - in - ten ( 60 % ) of this group believes the marches will have no impact on public support and 13 % say the marches will hurt public support .
when asked why so many people lack jobs in their country , the top reason given is that many jobs go only to people with connections .
In the same survey , nearly half of U.S. adults ( 46 % ) named local news outlets as a major source for COVID-19 news – more than the share who named several other groups , including President Donald Trump and the coronavirus task force ( 31 % ) .
Large majorities say the increasing use of the internet has had a good influence on education in their country , and half or more say the same about the economy , personal relationships and politics . Only when it comes to the issue of morality are sub - Saharan Africans somewhat more divided about the role the internet is playing . Across six major nations surveyed in the region , a median of 45 % say the internet has had a positive impact on morality , while 39 % say it is has been negative .
More than six - in - ten Americans ( 63 % ) say they prefer news sources with no particular point of view , while 29 % prefer sources that have a political point of view . The preference for news without a political point of view is even stronger when it comes to online news : 74 % of those who get news online want it to come without a political point of view , while just 19 % prefer online sources that have a point of view .
Public interest in the Iraq war remained high despite relatively little news coverage More than three - in - ten Americans followed news about the situation in Iraq very closely and 20 % listed this as their most closely followed story of the week . Coverage of the Iraq policy debate has fallen off dramatically since September , and public interest in the debate continues to lag behind interest in the war itself . Last week 21 % of the public paid very close attention to the debate in Washington over U.S. policy in Iraq ; 5 % listed this as their most closely followed story of the week .
majorities of graduates in all three of the largest U.S. generations — Boomers , Gen - Xers and Millennials — agree that college either has paid off or will pay off , given what they and their families invested in it . Perhaps not surprisingly , the highest - earning graduates were the most positive about their educations — 98 % of those making six figures and up said their degree had paid off , compared with 63 % of graduates earning less than $ 50,000 .
Trump received his lowest ratings on this question in Mexico , where 93 % said they have no confidence in the U.S. leader . His proposed wall on the U.S.-Mexico border was also particularly unpopular in the United States ’ southern neighbor , where 94 % said they disapproved of the project . The border wall was similarly unpopular across the other six Latin American countries surveyed , with a regional median of 83 % saying they opposed it .
The public has grown more supportive of the U.S. fight against ISIS, as about twice as many approve (63%) as disapprove (30%) of the military campaign against the Islamic militant group in Iraq and Syria. Last October, 57% approved and 33% disapproved. The possibility of sending U.S. ground troops to The public has grown more supportive of the U.S. fight against ISIS , as about twice as many approve ( 63 % ) as disapprove ( 30 % ) of the military campaign against the Islamic militant group in Iraq and Syria .
Europeans overwhelmingly give the U.N. favorable reviews . More than seven - in - ten in France ( 74 % ) and Poland ( 72 % ) offer a favorable opinion , as do majorities in Britain ( 67 % ) , Germany ( 65 % ) , Spain ( 61 % ) and Russia ( 56 % ) .
Among the minority of sub - Saharan Africans who use social media ( ranging from 43 % in South Africa to 20 % in Tanzania ) , more say they share their views on entertainment - related topics like music , movies and sports than say they post about politics , religion or products they enjoy .
48 % hold a favorable view of business corporations , compared with 43 % who hold an unfavorable view .
In the previous survey from March , there were 291 Hispanic respondents out of 2,254 total respondents , or 13 % of the sample before weighting . This is pretty close to the true Hispanic share of the population ( 15 % ) , but we wanted to have more than 291 people responding so we could do a more in - depth analysis . In order to have a larger sample of Hispanics in June , we surveyed 543 Hispanics out of 2,245 total respondents , or 24 % of the unweighted sample . This gave us a much larger sample to analyze , and made the estimates for Hispanics more precise .
58 % of immigrant Hispanics say speaking Spanish is n’t a necessary component of Latino identity , as do 87 % of U.S.-born Hispanics . The 2015 survey of Latino adults also shows that among Hispanic registered voters , 81 % say speaking Spanish is not required to be considered Hispanic .
On the eve of Tuesday night ’s second presidential debate at Hofstra University , voters are divided as to which candidate they think will do the better job : 41 % say Obama will do better , while 37 % expect Romney to prevail . This stands in stark contrast to expectations prior to the first presidential debate two weeks ago , which voters expected Obama to win by a 51%-29 % margin .
Americans are divided about whether they see Islam as more likely than other religions to encourage violence among its believers : 46 % say it is more likely , while 45 % say it is not more likely . The share of the public saying that Islam is more likely than other religions to encourage violence has dropped four percentage points since a historical high of 50 % in September 2014 . For much of the past decade , public views on this measure have been closely divided . Independents remain split over this question : 45 % say Islam is more likely to encourage violence than other religions , while the same proportion ( 45 % ) say it is not .
As a Pew Research Center analysis noted last year , nearly one in five U.S. households ( 19 % ) owed money on student loans in 2010 , more than double the proportion in 1989 . Among households headed by someone younger than 35 ( i.e. , people more likely to be recent college graduates ) , a record 40 % had student - loan debt outstanding .
Roughly three - quarters of Facebook users ( 74 % ) visit the site daily , including about half who do so several times a day .
Students receive the lowest marks for “ patience and determination in looking for information that is hard to find , ” with 43 % of teachers rating their students “ poor ” in this regard , and another 35 % rating their students “ fair .
When asked to describe QAnon , people most often mentioned that it was a group of some kind ( 41 % ) or a conspiracy group or theory ( 44 % ) .
A majority ( 54 % ) say that the press has done only a fair or poor job , while roughly four - in - ten ( 41 % ) say the coverage has been excellent or good .
Half of Russians also agree with the statement “ it is a great misfortune that the Soviet Union no longer exists ; ” 36 % disagree . This is a slight decline from 2009 , when 58 % agreed and 38 % disagreed . Russians ages 50 and older tend to express more nostalgia for the Soviet era than do those under 50 .
As noted in previous reports , desktop computer ownership has fallen slightly since 2006 , as laptops have gained in popularity.3 Currently 59 % of all adults own a desktop computer , and 52 % own a laptop ( 76 % own a computer overall ) .
In 2010 , Pew Research surveyed publics in a number of countries , seven of which are also represented in this pay gap data , about whether “ men get more opportunities than women for jobs that pay well , even when women are as qualified as men for the job . ” Majorities in all seven countries agreed with the statement . Agreement ranged from about seven - in - ten in the U.S. and Spain ( 68 % ) , and up to more than eight - in - ten in Poland ( 83 % ) and Germany ( 84 % ) .
More than eight - in - ten Solid Liberals ( 84 % ) say it matters a great deal to them which party wins control of Congress next year , the highest share of any typology group . Core Conservatives are next highest , at 77 % .
The growing gender parity in likelihood of residing at home is especially pronounced among 18- to 24 - year - olds : 60 % of men and 52 % of women in that age group lived at home in 2012 , an 8 - percentage - point gap . In 1968 , 59 % of male 18- to 24 - year - olds , but only 42 % of females lived at home : a difference of 17 percentage points .
In addition to interest in the possible Koran burning ( 33 % very closely ) , the public also very closely tracked news about developments in Afghanistan ( 30 % ) and Sept. 11 anniversary commemorations ( 33 % ) .
Most Americans continue to have strong feelings about the president , with about twice as many strongly disapproving of his job performance as strongly approving ( 51 % to 25 % ) .
Currently , 55%say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about t he economy , while 38 % say the economic news they are hearing is mostly bad and just 4 % say they are hearing mostly good news about the economy .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is the only world leader included in the survey who receives more positive than negative reviews . Across the 37 nations polled , a median of 42 % express confidence in her , while 31 % say they lack confidence .
the percentage of Americans who say they favor private accounts has tumbled to 46 % in Pew ’s latest nationwide survey , down from 54 % in December and 58 % in September . Support has declined as the public has become increasingly aware of the president ’s plan . More than four - in - ten ( 43 % ) say they have heard a lot about the proposal , nearly double the number who said that in December ( 23 % ) .
In Nigeria and Ghana , roughly half or more of each population said that contraceptive use is morally unacceptable ( 54 % and 52 % , respectively ) . Out of the 40 countries surveyed , only Pakistan ( 65 % ) had a higher rate of opposition . There is less moral objection to contraception in the other sub - Saharan African nations in the survey , but significant shares in Uganda ( 38 % ) , Kenya ( 33 % ) and Senegal ( 28 % ) said contraceptive use is morally wrong . The comparable figure for the U.S. is 7 % . two-thirds (68%) said it is morally acceptable.
About half ( 52 % ) of the public say that the military is having a good influence on the way things are going in Turkey , while 37 % say it is having a bad influence .
The Chinese public stands out from others surveyed in saying they prefer teaching both sets of skills . More than a quarter of Chinese volunteer that schools should emphasize both creative thinking and basic skills and discipline . This may be due in part to their educational system ’s reliance on standardized testing ( the gaokao ) . While rote memorization and discipline are seen as keys for success on this future - defining exam , there is much handwringing domestically about how gaokao preparation comes at the expense of more creative opportunities . Younger , wealthier and better educated Chinese are particularly likely to prioritize imagination and creativity in the classroom .
Overall , men owned more than half of the nation ’s 27.6 million firms in 2012 , according to preliminary results from the Survey of Business Owners , and women owned more than 9.9 million businesses , about 36 % of the total . The remaining 10 % of firms were either jointly owned by men and women or could not be categorized by gender because they were publicly traded companies or have large , diverse ownership groups .
The Iraq war was the news story the public followed most closely last week . Nearly a third of the public ( 32 % ) followed news about the situation in Iraq very closely and 25 % listed this as the story they followed most closely .
Voter registration rates have declined since 2008 , especially among young people . In interviews conducted over the course of 2012 so far , 72 % of adults 18 and older say they are absolutely certain they are registered to vote . This is lower than in 2008 , when 79 % were registered to vote and in 2004 ( 76 % registered to vote ) .
Nearly two - thirds of Democrats ( 64 % ) say there would be fewer mass shootings in the U.S. if it were harder for people to legally obtain guns ; only about a quarter of Republicans ( 27 % ) say the same .
Slightly more than half of Americans with a bachelor or graduate degree from college ( 52 % ) watch news video online . This is moderately higher than the video news viewing of those who completed some college ( 43 % ) and more than double the rate of those with a high school degree or less ( 22 % ) .
The oldest Muslim women in the study averaged just 2.5 years of schooling , compared with 4.6 years for men – a gap of 2.1 years . Young women ( ages 25 to 34 as of 2010 ) , by comparison , have averaged more than twice as many years of formal education as their female elders ( 6.1 years ) , and now trail young men ( 7.3 years ) by just over a year .
Today , as many Hispanics approve as disapprove ( 47%-47 % ) of the new health care law . That ’s down markedly compared with the 61 % approval just six months ago .
About three - in - four ( 74 % ) Pakistanis said that education is equally important for girls and boys , while just 17 % considered it more important for boys and 7 % believed it is more important for girls . 35% disagreed.
About eight - in - ten Republicans ( 82 % ) are very concerned when it comes to Islamic extremism in the world and 71 % are very concerned about the U.S. specifically ; among Democrats , about half ( 51 % ) are very concerned internationally and 46 % nationally .
Older Americans are more opposed to the use of military force than those in other age groups , but most believe that , in principle , the best way to ensure peace is through military strength rather than effective diplomacy . Americans under age 30 generally favor the opposite approach . Since 1987 , the belief in military strength as the best way to ensure peace has never fallen below 60 % among those ages 65 and older , while on average only 44 % of younger Americans subscribe to that opinion .
A median of 42 % across 32 countries say that the internet is a bad influence on morality .
Opinion about Russia is mixed , but confidence in its president , Vladimir Putin , has declined sharply . In fact , the Russian leader ’s negatives have soared to the point that they mirror the nearly worldwide lack of confidence in George W. Bush .
Democrats and Democratic leaners are 20 percentage points more likely than Republicans and Republican leaners to view the issue of sexual assault and harassment as very important . Nevertheless , nearly nine - in - ten Republicans ( 87 % ) say it is at least somewhat important . Very few Republicans or Democrats regard this issue as not important .
63 % of Latino registered voters said they would support the Democratic congressional candidate in their district , while 29 % said they would support the Republican candidate .
about three - quarters of U.S. adults ( 76 % ) say working full time is ideal for fathers , while just 33 % think this is the ideal situation for mothers . About four - in - ten ( 42 % ) say working part time is ideal for women with young children , while 21 % say not working for pay at all is ideal for this group .
73 % of Japanese believe that Japanese companies should increase their investment in developing nations . Just 19 % oppose such business activity . Roughly as many Japanese ( 71 % ) support importing more goods from developing nations in Asia , Africa and Latin America . Again , only a fifth of the public opposes such commercial help for poor nations . And 66 % of Japanese back increasing foreign aid to developing countries , while 27 % oppose boosting such assistance .
Among Europe ’s asylum seekers waiting on decisions as of the end of 2016 , an estimated two - thirds had not had a decision made on their case – and another third ( about 385,000 ) were appealing their first decision after being rejected . For asylum seekers from certain countries , the share waiting was much higher than the share approved . For example , an estimated 89 % of Albanian applicants between 2015 and 2016 were waiting to know their status in Europe at the end of 2016 .
On the issue of marijuana policy , more continue to say marijuana use should be legal ( 52 % ) than illegal ( 45 % ) , and public views about marijuana are little changed over the last year .
As of May 2011 , over eight in ten internet users ages 18 - 29 use social networking sites ( 83 % ) , compared with seven in ten 30 - 49 year - olds ( 70 % ) , half of 50 - 64 year - olds ( 51 % ) , and a third of those age 65 and older ( 33 % ) .
In 2019 , 43 % of black Democrats called themselves moderate , 29 % called themselves liberal and 25 % called themselves conservative .
Among all Christian religious traditions in the U.S. , Mormons are among the most highly involved in their congregations ( 67 % ) , according to an analysis based on three measures of congregational involvement : membership in a congregation , frequency of attendance at worship services and frequency of attendance at small group religious activities . Jehovah ’s Witnesses have comparable levels of highly involved members ( 64 % ) , while evangelical Protestants ( 43 % ) , members of historically black Protestant denominations ( 41 % ) and those in other Christian groups have lower average levels of congregational involvement .
Millennials make up 44 % of Latino eligible voters and are the main driver of growth in the Latino electorate . From 2012 to 2016 , 3.2 million young U.S.-born Latinos came of age and turned 18 , accounting for 80 % of the increase in Latino eligible voters during this time .
The public continues to be critical of both political parties . Both parties ’ favorability ratings are more negative than positive and fewer than half say either party has high ethical standards . Majorities also fault both for their approach to government spending . But as in the past , more say the Democratic Party “ cares about the middle class ” ( 57 % ) than say that about the Republican Party ( 42 % ) . And while 54 % say the Republican Party is “ too extreme , ” fewer ( 45 % ) say this phrase applies to the Democratic Party .
The typical ( median ) American owned two of the above devices and 17 % said they only owned one of these devices . Some 77 % of single - device owners said their one device was a cell phone . Another 17 % of those with one device said it was a desktop , while 6 % said it was a laptop . Fewer than 1 % of these one - device owners said their only device was an e - reader , and none said that their one device was a tablet computer .
About two - in - ten ( 19 % ) say they very closely followed news about the financial crisis in Greece and violent protests there . Just 4 % say this was the story they followed most closely , while news about the crisis made up 4 % of coverage .
About a quarter of Democrats who are very interested in the news feel misunderstood ( 27 % ) , compared with about four - in - ten of the somewhat interested ( 39 % ) and roughly half of those not interested ( 52 % ) .
roughly a third of Catholics who attend Mass weekly ( 34 % ) say children being raised by a same - sex couple is acceptable and as good as any other arrangement , which is similar to the share who see this as unacceptable ( 36 % ) .
A poll last week by the Pew Research Center found that 59 % of Democratic voters said there was a “ good chance ” they would vote for Clinton . That is higher than the 52 % of Democrats who said there was a good chance they would back Clinton at a comparable point in 2007 .
Polls this year have found that more Americans favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally than did so just last year. In two polls conducted over the past few months, based on interviews with more than 6,000 adults, 42% favor same-sex marriage while 48% are opposed.
About two - thirds of the public ( 64 % ) give officers a warm rating on the scale ( between 51 and 100 ) , including 45 % who rate them very warmly ( 76 - 100 ) . Fewer give a neutral rating of 50 ( 16 % ) , and just 18 % give a cold rating on the scale ( 0 - 49 ) .
When asked whether they used the internet to relax and help get their minds off of the recent economic or financial problems , three - quarters ( 74 % ) of online economic users said they had done so .
Today , half of Latinos ( 51 % ) express satisfaction with the direction of the country , a 13 percentage point increase over 2011 , when 38 % said the same . One - third ( 33 % ) now report that their finances are in “ excellent ” or “ good ” shape , up from one - quarter ( 24 % ) who said the same in 2011 . And looking forward , Latinos have grown more optimistic about their family ’s finances in the next 12 months , with three - in - four ( 73 % ) expecting improvement , up from 67 % who said the same in 2011 .
Just 10 % say the Republican Party has more concern than the Democratic Party for the Hispanic community , unchanged since 2012 . Instead , the share of Hispanic registered voters who say there is no difference between the two parties is up , to 35 % today from 23 % in 2012 .
Trump receives much lower marks for both the job he has done explaining his plans and policies ( 39 % approve ) and for his cabinet choices ( 41 % approve ) than Obama received in 2009 . Eight years ago , 70 % approved of the job Obama had done explaining his plans and policies for the future and 66 % said they approved of his cabinet selections .
than Asked how they would feel if they saw a drone flying close to where they live , relatively large shares of Americans say they would be curious ( 58 % ) or interested ( 45 % ) . At the same time , around one - in - four ( 26 % ) say they would be nervous , and around one - in - ten say this would make them feel angry ( 12 % ) or scared ( 11 % ) .
They cited a number of reasons , from helping to fill in gaps in their other sources of income ( 37 % mentioned this ) to needing ways to earn money that could fit into the other demands on their time ( 30 % ) . But the number one motivation , cited by 42 % of respondents , was fun , or because the work gives them something to do in their spare time .
In 2010 , four - in - ten Millennials said the national news media was having a positive impact on the way things were going in the country
Newsroom employees are also more likely than workers overall to be male . About six - in - ten newsroom employees ( 61 % ) are men , compared with 53 % of all workers . When combining race / ethnicity and gender , almost half ( 48 % ) of newsroom employees are non - Hispanic white men compared with about a third ( 34 % ) of workers overall .
Muslims make up roughly 1 % of the adult population in the U.S. , while across Europe as a whole ( including Eastern Europe ) , they are estimated to form roughly 5 % of the population , including 6 % in the UK and Germany , and nearly 9 % in France . Also , 46 % of American adults say they personally know a Muslim , compared with significant majorities in most Western European countries , including 71 % in the UK and 79 % in France .
From 1971 to 2011 , the share of adults in the middle class fell by 10 percentage points .
About one - in - four Americans ( 26 % ) who have been harassed online say an acquaintance was behind their most recent incident , according to a recent Pew Research Center report . And in other cases , targets of online abuse are even more familiar with their harassers : 18 % of those who have been harassed say their most recent incident involved a friend , while 11 % say it involved a family member . Smaller shares say their most recent experience involved a former romantic partner ( 7 % ) or a co - worker ( 5 % ) .
About six - in - ten ( 62 % ) Millennials ( adults born after 1980 ) approve of the job Obama is doing . By comparison , half of Generation Xers ( born 1965 - 1980 ) , 43 % of Boomers ( born 1946 - 1964 ) and just 37 % of Silents ( born 1928 - 1945 ) offer positive ratings of the president ’s job performance .
majorities of Americans continue to be split in their preferences for the size and scope of government : 48 % of adults say they would rather have a smaller government with fewer services provided , while 46 % say they would prefer a bigger government with more services .
Saudi Arabia has a young and rapidly growing Muslim population . The kingdom has more than 30 million inhabitants , and roughly 93 % of them are Muslim , according to Pew Research Center data . The country is officially a Muslim nation and most Saudi Muslims are Sunni . However , a Shia minority accounts for an estimated 10 % to 15 % of the population .
In early January , 46 % of the public said “ a large number of refugees leaving countries such as Iraq and Syria ” was a major threat to the well - being of the U.S. About a third ( 35 % ) considered this a minor threat , while 16 % said this was not a threat .
About half of American adults ( 49 % ) “ ever play video games on a computer , TV , game console , or portable device like a cellphone , ” and 10 % consider themselves to be “ gamers .
Two - thirds ( 67 % ) of adults say scientists do not have a clear understanding , while 28 % say scientists have a clear understanding of the health effects .
When asked about the health care law ’s future , 49 % of Americans say they think the law ’s major provisions are probably “ here to stay ” while 43 % say they probably will be eliminated .
Three - quarters of Chinese believe their country is playing a more important role in the world today compared with a decade ago .
Ten of the 12 companies reported revenue growth through the third quarter of 2014 ( January – September ) compared with the same period a year earlier ( 21st Century Fox and Meredith operate on a fiscal year that ends June 30 , therefore the revenues reported here for those two companies are for July 1 through September 30 , 2014 ) . Media General sits at the top , with $ 458 million in revenue for the nine months ending in September 30 , 2014 , an 187 % growth from the previous year .
About two - thirds of those who have heard a lot about gene editing ( 64 % ) say it is very likely that widespread availability of gene editing will increase inequality because the technology will primarily be available only for the wealthy , compared with 53 % of those who have heard nothing about using gene editing to change a baby ’s genetic characteristics . And , 65 % of those who have heard a lot about gene editing think it ’s very likely that others will use these techniques in morally unacceptable ways , while 54 % of those who have heard a little and 52 % of those who have heard nothing about gene editing say this .
The public remains deeply dissatisfied with the way things are going in the country . Just 26 % are satisfied with national conditions , while 71 % are dissatisfied . And it has muted expectations for the year to come : 49 % say they think 2015 will be a better year than 2014 , while 42 % think it will be worse .
Overall , the public is split with 44 % saying government aid to the poor “ does more harm than good by making people too dependent on government assistance , ” while about as many ( 49 % ) say it does “ more good than harm because people ca n’t get out of poverty until their basic needs are met . ” Republicans , by 71 % to 24 % , say government aid to the poor does more harm than good . Democrats take the opposite view and by a nearly identical margin ( 74 % to 21 % ) , say aid to the poor does more good than harm .
More than six - in - ten ( 63 % ) believe corruption problems will improve in the next five years . A plurality ( 43 % ) is also optimistic that progress will be made in food safety . However , the public is split on water pollution : 37 % believe it will get better over the next five years , while 34 % believe it will get worse . Similar divides are found on air pollution ( 36 % better , 34 % worse ) and the gap between the rich and poor ( 35 % better , 31 % worse ) .
Roughly nine - in - ten teens ( 88 % ) spend time with their friends via text messaging at least occasionally , and 55 % do so every day .
the British , who will hold a referendum on continued EU membership in 2017 , remain evenly divided on leaving the EU : 46 % say stay and 46 % say go .
in the United States, Women ( 55 % ) are more likely than men ( 46 % ) to believe that the trilateral trade agreement has been good for the U.S. And about twice as many men ( 25 % ) as women ( 12 % ) say NAFTA has been very bad for the country .
the KaZaa user base dropped most notably . Between November 2003 and February 2004 alone , comScore estimates that over 5 million fewer people are actively running KaZaa .
The proportion favoring a quick withdrawal of U.S. forces has increased by eight points since last month ( from 48 % ) , immediately after the killing of Osama bin Laden . A year ago , just 40 % favored removing the troops as soon as possible , while 53 % favored keeping them in Afghanistan until the situation stabilized .
A new Pew Research Center survey finds that 27 % of U.S. adults believe Trump ’s election reflects God ’s will in the sense that the 2016 outcome must be part of God ’s overall plan , but that this does n’t necessarily mean God approves of Trump ’s policies . Far fewer U.S. adults – just 5 % – say God chose Trump because God approves of his policies . About half of Americans say God does n’t get involved in U.S. presidential elections ( 49 % ) , while the remainder say they do n’t believe in God ( 16 % ) .
Republicans , however , are nearly three times as likely to feel that news organizations do n’t understand them ( 73 % ) as they are to say they feel understood ( 25 % ) . By comparison , most Democrats ( 58 % ) say they feel understood by the news media , while four - in - ten say they do not .
Three - in - ten ( 30 % ) say they followed news about the economy more closely than any other story . Somewhat fewer ( 23 % ) cited the presidential campaign as their top story .
Older Japanese – those ages 50 and older – are more likely than Japanese ages 18 to 34 to see the Chinese as nationalistic . And older Japanese are less likely than the younger generation to believe that the Chinese are hardworking or modern .
Among Democrats who encounter immigrants who speak little or no English , the share saying they are not bothered by this has increased from 63 % to 85 % since 2006 . About six - in - ten Republicans ( 59 % ) say they are not bothered ; 52 % said this 12 years ago .
Overall , the public expresses modest levels of trust in major technology companies to do what is right . Only 3 % of Americans think these companies can be trusted to do what is right just about all of the time , notably smaller than the share ( 14 % ) that thinks they can hardly ever be trusted . In total , some 28 % of Americans think these companies can be trusted to do the right thing most of the time or always , while a total of 72 % think they can be trusted to do the right thing some of the time or hardly ever .
In Nigeria , 37 % say a strong relationship with China is more important , compared with just 17 % who say this about the U.S. ( the question was not asked in Egypt or Tunisia ) .
Most Republicans and their leaners say abortion should be illegal ( 62 % ) in all or most cases , with a larger share saying it should be illegal in most cases ( 45 % ) than in all cases ( 17 % ) .
among Hispanic registered voters in 2016 , 678,000 were registered as Democrats , 610,000 indicated no party affiliation and 479,000 were registered as Republicans .
The oil spill and the immigration debate each made up 16 % of the newshole analyzed by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism . Meanwhile , economic news totaled 24 % of coverage , with the largest shares devoted to coverage of Goldman Sachs and allegations of fraud against the company ( 9 % ) , the debate over strengthening Wall Street regulation ( 6 % ) and the economic crisis in Greece ( 3 % of newshole ) . Other economic news made up another 6 % of coverage .
Nearly half ( 47 % ) say they followed news about Haiti more closely than any other story . Almost two - in - ten ( 18 % ) say they followed news about the debate over health care reform most closely , while 14 % say they most closely followed news about Republican Scott Brown ’s win in the race for the late Democrat Ted Kennedy ’s U.S. Senate seat .
Roughly three - quarters of U.S. adults in this category hold one or more New Age beliefs , including six - in - ten who believe spiritual energy can be located in physical things and 54 % who believe in psychics . And among those who say they are religious and spiritual , 65 % espouse at least one New Age belief .
Overall , 42 % percent of all adults age 18 and older own a game console , and it is especially popular with members of the Millennial Generation and Generation X. Sixty - three percent of all adults ages 18 - 46 own a game console like an Xbox or Play Station , as well as 38 % of those ages 47 - 56 . Ownership rates continue to drop off , to 19 % of Older Boomers ( ages 56 - 64 ) , 8 % of the Silent Generation ( ages 66 - 74 ) , and only 3 % of the G.I. Generation ( age 75 and older ) .
About two - thirds of internet users use social networking sites ( SNS ) and all the major metrics for profile management are up , compared to 2009 : 63 % of them have deleted people from their “ friends ” lists , up from 56 % in 2009 ; 44 % have deleted comments made by others on their profile ; and 37 % have removed their names from photos that were tagged to identify them .
Most say Trump is arrogant , intolerant and dangerous , but a majority also sees him as a strong leader . Survey respondents were read a list of positive and negative characteristics and asked whether each one describes Trump . Around the globe , people tend to associate the American leader with all of the negative characteristics tested : Most say he is arrogant , intolerant and dangerous , while relatively few think of him as well - qualified or as someone who cares about ordinary people .
A lopsided majority of officers ( 80 % ) say the country has made the necessary changes . But the public is more divided : 48 % say the needed changes have been made while 50 % believe that more changes are needed to assure equal rights for black Americans .
The public ’s perceptions of economic news remain mixed , but are far less positive than earlier this year . Roughly half ( 53 % ) say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy ; 41 % say they are hearing mostly bad news while just 5 % say they are hearing mostly good news .
Of the 72,151 from India employed under OPT , 84 % had STEM degrees , the highest percentage of any origin country . Iran ( 79 % ) , Bangladesh ( 74 % ) and Sri Lanka ( 70 % ) also had high shares of STEM graduates . Among those from China , 54 % went to STEM graduates .
a quarter of adults say the coronavirus outbreak is a major threat to their personal health and finances . About as many ( 24 % ) say it is a major threat to their finances , but not to their health . Fewer Americans ( 11 % ) view the outbreak as a major threat to their health , but not their finances . However , 40 % say it is not a major threat either to their health or their finances . Compared with older age groups , younger Americans are more likely to say that the COVID-19 outbreak is a major threat to their personal financial situation but not a major threat to their personal health .
While there is a sizable partisan gap in ratings of the national economy , even among Republicans fewer than half view economic conditions with favor . Currently , 46 % of Republicans , and just 24 % of independents and 15 % of Democrats , give the economy at least a good rating .
A majority ( 56 % ) says the United States has mostly failed in achieving its goals in Afghanistan ; 36 % say the United States has mostly succeeded .
Between 1990 and 2015 , sub - Saharan Africa decreased the number of deaths among children under 5 by 52 % . Even so , the region continues to have the highest under-5 mortality rate , with 86 deaths per 1,000 live births .
In a 2011 Pew Research Center survey , 64 % said American parents were not putting enough pressure on their children to do well in school ; just 11 % felt parents were putting too much pressure on their kids and 21 % thought the amount of pressure was about right .
Among veterans , 64 % say the war in Iraq was not worth fighting , while 58 % say the same about the war in Afghanistan . The American public holds similar views : 62 % and 59 % of U.S. adults , respectively , say the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan were not worth it , considering the costs and the benefits . When asked about the U.S. military campaign in Syria , 55 % of veterans and 58 % of the public say the campaign has not been worth it .
Mexicans overwhelmingly support the use of the Mexican army to fight drug traffickers ; 85 % are in favor of this approach .
a quarter ( 25 % ) say they followed news about candidates for the 2012 presidential elections very closely ; 18 % say election news was their top story .
About half of Americans say the cost of health care affects their household ’s financial situation a lot ( 53 % ) , and nearly as many ( 48 % ) say the same about prices of food and consumer goods .
Overall , 69,318 posts – 15 % of all posts created between Feb. 24 , 2016 , and Dec. 31 , 2017 – expressed opposition . Among posts that expressed this kind of confrontational rhetoric , 13 % of the reactions to the average post received “ angry ” feedback . By comparison , just 3 % of reactions for posts that did not express political opposition were angry . However , when it comes to the “ love ” reaction , there was no meaningful difference in the rates at which the congressional Facebook audience responded to confrontational posts ( about 4 % both for posts expressing opposition and for those not expressing opposition ) .
Many people in Asia - Pacific countries have negative views of North Korea . Among the countries surveyed , the Japanese are most negative on North Korea : 94 % say they have an unfavorable view , including 78 % who say they have a very unfavorable opinion . In Australia , the U.S. and South Korea , roughly three - quarters or more say they have unfavorable views .
In the new survey , majorities across all educational groups now say they favor same - sex marriage , but levels of support are highest among those who have graduated from college : 79 % among those with postgraduate degrees and 72 % among those with bachelor ’s degrees . Smaller majorities of those with some college experience but no college degree ( 62 % ) or those with no more than a high school degree ( 53 % ) say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry .
Around half ( 49 % ) of Hispanics say they or someone in their household has taken a pay cut or lost a job – or both – because of the COVID-19 outbreak , compared with 33 % of all U.S. adults .
Just over half of Americans ( 54 % in a July 2013 Pew Research poll ) support keeping abortion legal in all or most cases . And nearly two - thirds oppose overturning Roe v. Wade , the landmark Supreme Court decision guaranteeing a right to abortion at least during the first three months of pregnancy , according to a January 2013 Pew Research poll . At the same time , most Americans are less supportive of legalized abortion later in pregnancy . A December 2012 USA Today / Gallup survey found that majorities say that abortion should be illegal during the second ( 64 % ) and third ( 80 % ) trimesters of pregnancy .
Most women ( 71 % ) say it is more difficult to be a mother today than it was 20 or 30 years ago . But in Pew ’s 1997 motherhood survey , an even greater percentage of women expressed this view ( 81 % ) .
Half of all Trump supporters say undocumented immigrants living in the U.S. are more likely than American citizens to commit serious crimes .
Public support for allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally has rebounded a bit after declining between 2003 and 2004 . Today , 36 % of Americans favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry , up from 32 % in December 2004 . The percentage favoring gay civil unions has risen as well . Currently , 53 % favor allowing gays and lesbians to enter into legal arrangements providing them with many of the same rights as married couples ; that compares with 48 % last August .
Two - thirds of DACA recipients are ages 25 or younger , and a majority are women . Women make up a slight majority ( 53 % ) of active DACA recipients , while 47 % are men , according to the tabulations from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services .
adults with family incomes of at least $ 150,000 annually also tend to express a stronger preference for early technology adoption on this summary index ( 39 % do so ) compared with those at middle- and lower - income levels .
Overall , 19 % of the public paid very close attention to news about the fired U.S. attorneys and 8 % said this was the single news story they followed more closely than any other . The news media devoted 16 % of its coverage overall to the firings – an eight - fold increase over the week of March 5 – making it the most covered story of the week .
Before the outbreak , over a third ( 35 % ) of Hispanics said they more often outwardly express their Hispanic identity than five years ago by speaking Spanish in public ( 24 % ) , talking about their pride in being Hispanic ( 25 % ) or wearing clothing that shows their Hispanic heritage ( 10 % ) . Meanwhile , a similar share of Hispanics ( 33 % ) said they more often express their U.S. identity by speaking only English in public ( 21 % ) , talking about their pride in being American ( 17 % ) or wearing clothing that shows their U.S. pride ( 11 % ) .
By and large , Americans have confidence that reviews and ratings can be beneficial : Majorities say reviews have at least a somewhat positive effect on consumer confidence ( 88 % think they help a lot or some ) , product safety ( 80 % ) and company accountability ( 78 % ) .
Fully 68 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents think there has been too much media coverage of demonstrations , while 18 % think the amount of coverage has been about right and 11 % say there has been too little coverage . By contrast , 43 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners think there has been the right amount of coverage , 29 % think there has been too little and 26 % say there has been too much media coverage of demonstrations these days .
different Buddhists made up roughly 7 % of the world ’s population in 2015 , but they are expected to decrease to roughly 5 % by 2060 .
71 % of Americans say there should be a way for people in the United States illegally to remain in this country if they meet certain requirements , while 27 % say they should not be allowed to stay legally . But there is a division of views among the 71 % who support finding a way for immigrants here illegally to stay . Roughly four - in - ten ( 43 % ) of the public says unauthorized immigrants should be allowed to apply for citizenship , but 24 % of the public says they should only be allowed to apply for legal residency .
Before the rampage , Americans said they were tracking news about the economy most closely , but in the survey ’s fourth and final day – the Sunday following the horrific events in Arizona – 34 % said they were following news about the shooting of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords most closely , double the 17 % that said they were following news about the economy most closely .
despite being one of the most geographically dispersed religious groups , 97 % of Muslims lived in countries where harassment of Muslims occurred in 2015 .
U.S. newspaper circulation reached its lowest level since 1940 , the first year with available data . Total daily newspaper circulation ( print and digital combined ) was an estimated 28.6 million for weekday and 30.8 million for Sunday in 2018 .
Pew Research surveys dating back 25 years , consistently show that the public , as a general proposition , likes political leaders who are willing to make compromises . In our April 2012 survey , fully 80 % said they wanted leaders who were willing to compromise to get things done and just 16 % disagreed . Democrats have always been more supportive of this idea than Republicans ( 90 % of Democrats last year wanted leaders who compromised ) , but about two - thirds of Republicans consistently express this desire as well ( 68 % ) .
Among Western Europe ’s six largest economies , the shares of adults living in middle - income households increased in France , the Netherlands and the United Kingdom , but they shrank in Germany , Italy and Spain . From 1991 to 2010 , the middle - class share in the UK increased from 61 % to 67 % , but it decreased from 78 % to 72 % in Germany .
Among Republicans , 51 % think the aid will help their household at least a fair amount , while about as many ( 49 % ) say it will help them not too much or not at all . Democrats are less hopeful : 40 % say it will help their household a great deal or fair amount , compared with 59 % who think it wo n’t help much or at all .
During the five - year period from 2005 to 2010 , a total of 1.4 million Mexicans immigrated to the United States , down by more than half from the 3 million who had done so in the five - year period of 1995 to 2000 .
Asked whether the European Union should negotiate international trade agreements on behalf of Germany or should the German government negotiate trade accords for Germany , by more than two - to - one ( 65 % to 28 % ) Germans say Berlin not Brussels should be the negotiator .
Across the European countries surveyed , a median of 47 % think Germany is playing a more important role in the world than it was 10 years ago .
More than eight - in - ten Solid Liberals ( 84 % ) say it matters a great deal to them which party wins control of Congress next year
Over a two - year period between 2011 and 2013 , Puerto Rico ’s net population decreased by 50,000 people annually . Job - related reasons were cited by 42 % of those leaving .
In Pakistan , 87 % primarily identify as Muslims ; in Jordan , 67 % do so . In Nigeria , 71 % of Muslims see themselves as Muslims first , whereas a smaller 53%-majority of Christians primarily identify with their faith . In Turkey a slight 51%-majority now self - identifies as Muslim rather than Turkish , although this is a substantial rise from the 43 % who did so in 2005 . Among Muslim countries in the survey , only in Indonesia does the public split 39%-36 % between primary national and religious identity , with 25 % selecting both equally .
The aftermath of Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines is drawing less attention from the American public than a number of other major international disasters in recent years . About one - in - three Americans ( 32 % ) say they are very closely following news about the deadly typhoon that struck the Philippines on Nov. 8 . By comparison , 55 % of the public closely followed the aftermath of the 2011 tsunami in Japan , 58 % followed the tsunami that struck coastlines around the Indian Ocean at the end of 2004 , and 60 % followed the 2010 Haiti earthquake .
over the entire course of 2010 1 % of news coverage was devoted to Iraq events and policy debates , and in no week did Iraq consume more than 10 % of the newshole . Public interest in Iraq news was also modest – in the ten weeks in which public interest in Iraq - related news was tested , roughly a quarter of Americans said they were following “ very closely ” , but about one - in - ten rated it as the top story they followed most closely . The exception to this came in early September , when 17 % said they were following news about the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq more closely than any other story .
During the first two years of the nation’s economic recovery, the mean net worth of households in the upper 7% of the wealth distribution rose by an estimated 28%, while the mean net worth of households in the lower 93% dropped by 4%
in all but one of the G20 countries surveyed – Russia – majorities say global climate change is a major threat to their nation . South Koreans are the most concerned , with 86 % considering it a major threat . At the other end of the spectrum , 43 % of Russians see global climate change as a major threat .
Between 2009 and 2012 , the share of Latino adults who say they go online at least occasionally increased 14 percentage points , rising from 64 % to 78%.2 Among whites , internet use rates also increased , but only by half as much — from 80 % in 2009 to 87 % in 2012 .
A 14 - country median of 71 % said they disliked Iran , making critical views of it more common than unfavorable opinions of the U.S. and about as common as negative assessments of China .
In the first two months of 2011 , the public saw more positive signs in economic news . In January , nearly seven - in - ten ( 68 % ) said they were hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy , up from 55 % in December .
In a Pew Research Center survey conducted last month ( Dec. 5 - 9 ) , 50 % of adults said they sympathized more with Israel in its dispute with the Palestinians . Just 10 % sympathized more with the Palestinians , while about as many ( 13 % ) volunteered that they sympathized with neither side .
Asian workers in the U.S. are the most likely to have completed at least a bachelor ’s degree . In 2016 , about two - thirds ( 65 % ) of Asian workers ages 25 to 29 had at least a bachelor ’s degree , compared with 47 % of white workers in this age group .
The survey finds that Hispanics oppose these enforcement measures , often by lopsided margins . Three quarters ( 75 % ) disapprove of workplace raids ; some 79 % prefer that local police not take an active role in identifying illegal immigrants ; and some 55 % disapprove of states checking for immigration status before issuing driver ’s licenses . By contrast , non - Hispanics are much more supportive of all these policies , with a slight majority favoring workplace raids and a heavy majority favoring driver ’s license checks.
A majority of Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 83 % ) say their greater concern is that some states are making it too difficult for people to get an abortion . By 65 % to 33 % , Republicans and Republican leaners say their greater concern is that some states are making it too easy for people to get an abortion .
In 2011, nearly two-thirds (64.6%) of U.S. Hispanics, or 33.5 million, traced their family In 2011 , nearly two - thirds ( 64.6 % ) of U.S. Hispanics , or 33.5 million , traced their family origins to Mexico , according to Pew Research Center tabulations of the 2011 American Community Survey ( ACS ) . By comparison , Puerto Ricans , the nation ’s second largest Hispanic - origin group , number about 5 million and make up 9.5 % of the total Hispanic population in the 50 states and the District of Columbia.
About six - in - ten ( 61 % ) say the United States plays a less important and powerful role as a world leader today compared with 10 years ago . Just 7 % believe the U.S. plays a more important role , while 29 % say Washington is as important as a decade ago .
About 188,600 foreign students held master ’s degrees in 2017 , a 9 % increase over the previous year – far lower than the 45 % annual increase seen in 2016 .
In November 2016 , nearly half ( 46 % ) said it would lead to worse race relations , while 25 % expected his election to lead to improved race relations ( another 26 % expected little change ) .
A typical private non - profit college graduate in 2011 - 2012 who borrowed to complete their education graduated with $ 32,308 in loans ( those graduating from private for - profit colleges owed even more , at about $ 40,038 ) , compared with $ 25,640 among public university graduates the same year .
The Hispanic population grew to 53 million in 2012, a 50% increase since 2000 and nearly six times the population in 1970, according to the most recent U.S. Census Bureau data. Meanwhile, the overall U.S. population increased by only 12% from 2000 to 2012.
Since 2006 , the proportion of Americans who own a desktop computer has fallen slightly from 68 % to 59 % , while the proportion with a laptop computer has increased dramatically — from 30 % in April 2006 to 52 % in September 2010 .
Nearly half ( 48 % ) of Indians think China ’s relationship with Pakistan poses a very serious problem for India . Another 21 % see this as a somewhat serious challenge . Fully 69 % hold the view that China ’s growing military power is a problem for India , including 46 % who say this is a very serious issue . And the same proportion ( 69 % ) expresses the opinion that China ’s territorial disputes with India are very or somewhat serious .
About a third of 18- to 29 - year - olds ( 35 % ) say the pandemic has been made a bigger deal than it really is , close to the overall average . But those youngest adults are more likely to say it has been made a smaller deal ( 32 % ) than any other age group . At the same time , fewer 18- to 29 - year - olds say the outbreak has been approached about right ( 32 % ) than any other age group .
Today , 39 % of Americans say the U.S. is doing too much to solve world problems , a drop from the 51 % who said the same last November . Those saying that the U.S. does too little to address global problems has nearly doubled , from 17 % to 31 % .
While approval of the job Democratic leaders are doing has dipped only slightly – from 39 % in January to 34 % today – disapproval has grown substantially from 34 % to 49 % . Independents , in particular , express a much more negative opinion of Democratic congressional leaders . Fully 58 % disapprove of their job performance , up from 40 % in January .
Nearly half ( 48 % ) of smartphone - dependent Americans have had to cancel or shut off their cell phone service for a period of time because the cost of maintaining that service was a financial hardship . In addition , 30 % of smartphone - dependent Americans say that they “ frequently ” reach the maximum amount of data that they are allowed to consume as part of their cell phone plan , and 51 % say that this happens to them at least occasionally .
Globally , Trump is much less popular than his predecessor . Across 37 countries we surveyed in spring 2017 , a median of just 22 % said they have confidence in Trump to do the right thing in world affairs . In contrast , 64 % expressed confidence in President Barack Obama in these same 37 nations during the final years of his presidency . And this shift in American leadership has clearly had an impact on how the world sees the U.S. : A median of 49 % now give the U.S. a favorable rating , down from 64 % in the Obama era .
In 2016 , many people across the nations polled say the U.S. is the world ’s leading economic power . Australia stands out as the one nation polled where at least half ( 52 % ) say China is the top economy in the world , compared with 32 % who say it is the U.S. Relatively few respondents in these 16 nations think Japan or the countries of the European Union are the globe ’s leading economic power , although 25 % of Germans say it is the EU countries .
Social Security numbers are ranked as the most sensitive information , while people ’s purchasing habits ranked lowest as something they felt was very sensitive .
Just 11 % of all registered voters say they would be excited if Trump won , 26 % say they would be relieved , while a majority says they would be disappointed ( 34 % ) or angry ( 25 % ) .
About four - in - ten adults ( 38 % ) say they are “ not too ” or “ not at all ” confident that they will have enough income and assets for their retirement , according to a 2012 survey . That ’s up 13 percentage points from the 25 % who expressed that concern in a Pew Research survey in early 2009 .
Overall , 41 % favored the increased use of fracking to extract oil and natural gas from underground rock formations while 47 % are opposed , according to last November ’s poll . In March 2013 , there was more support ( 48 % ) than opposition ( 38 % ) to increased use of the drilling technique .
more than a third of likely voters ( 36 % ) say that negativity toward the opposing party is driving their vote on Election Day . This number is about the same among supporters of Republican and Democratic candidates this November . About half of voters ( 48 % ) view their choice as a vote in favor of their own party . Those voters who hold ideologically mixed viewpoints are less likely than the average to see their vote in partisan terms ( 26 % say the parties are not a factor ) . A 46 % plurality say that voting for their party is the driving factor in their vote , while 27 % say they are voting against the other party
More than half of married U.S. adults ( 56 % ) – both with and without children – say sharing household chores is “ very important ” to a successful marriage , according to the most recent report from Pew Research Center ’s Religious Landscape Study . That ranks behind having shared interests ( 64 % ) and a satisfying sexual relationship ( 61 % ) , but ahead of having children ( 43 % ) and having adequate income ( 42 % ) .
Today , Democrats , Republicans , and independents are about equally likely to say they have given thought to 2016 candidates . In March 2007 , Democratic voters were somewhat more attentive to the election than their Republican counterparts ( 71 % said they had given it at least some thought , compared with 64 % of GOP voters ) .
unauthorized immigrants represent the highest share in Nevada ( 10.2 % in 2012 ) ; Nevada also has the highest share of unauthorized immigrants in the overall population ( 7.6 % ) . The share in the labor force also is relatively high in California ( 9.4 % ) and Texas ( 8.9 % ) , which rank second and third in the unauthorized immigrant share of the total population .
When it comes to the impact the closing of their local public library would have on their community , two - thirds ( 65 % ) of Hispanics say the impact would be a major one , a similar share to that of whites ( 63 % ) and blacks ( 64 % ) . However , immigrant Hispanics are the most likely to see an impact on their community . Some 73 % say this , compared with 58 % of U.S.-born Hispanics.
Across the 10 economically advanced nations surveyed , a median of 65 % believe that when children in their country grow up , they will be financially worse off than their parents .
Fully , 61 % of Americans reported following news about the campaign very closely and another three - in - ten ( 28 % ) were following the race fairly closely .
In Turkey , only about half ( 51 % ) have a positive view of their prime minister , down 11 percentage points from 2013 .
the share of white students enrolled in majority - minority schools has nearly doubled over the past two decades , from 8.4 % in 1990 to 15.9 % in 2010 . The share of black , Hispanic and Asian students enrolled in majority - minority schools also increased during this time — for Hispanics , from 73 % to 79 % , for example .
Opinions also are divided about the tax law ’s impact on the country as a whole : 35 % say the law will have a mostly positive effect on the country , 40 % a mostly negative effect and 15 % say it will have little effect .
Eight - in - ten Americans say they had heard a lot ( 29 % ) or a little ( 52 % ) about an international health panel warning of a possible link between cell phone use and brain cancer .
February ’s seasonally adjusted hiring rate — defined as hires as a percentage of total nonfarm employment — was 3.3 % , the same as it ’s been since October last year . In fact , there ’s been no significant improvement in the hiring rate for nearly three years . By comparison , the hiring rate before the Great Recession typically was at or near 4 % .
Most Americans say a college education is not worth the cost . In fact , 57 % say that college students receive only a fair ( 42 % ) or poor ( 15 % ) return for the money they and their families spend on their education . Just 5 % of the public says college students receive excellent value for their money , and 35 % say colleges provide good value .
The content of email messages and the people with whom one communicates via email are considerably more sensitive pieces of information when compared with other online activities and associated data trails .
despite being one of the most geographically dispersed religious groups , 97 % of Muslims lived in countries where harassment of Muslims occurred in 2015 .
there is broad awareness of details related to how the Zika virus is spread ( 86 % know it is primarily spread by mosquitoes ) .
About four - in - ten ( 39 % ) Americans say the U.S. should help other countries deal with their problems , while a narrow majority ( 52 % ) says the U.S. should deal with its own problems and let other countries deal with their problems as best they can .
Among those who say their side loses more than it wins politically , 27 % are angry at the federal government – three times the percentage among those who feel like their side wins more frequently ( 9 % ) .
By two - to - one ( 37%-18 % ) , more believe the economy will be in worse shape a year from now than believe things will improve . In August 2004 , just 9 % said they expected the economy to worsen over the succeeding 12 months . That number doubled to 18 % in January , and has doubled again ( to 37 % ) .
54 % say that their phone is “ not always needed , ” while 46 % say that it is something they “ could n’t live without .
About two - thirds of Republicans and Republican - leaning registered voters ( 68 % ) say free trade has been a bad thing for the U.S. , while only 24 % say it has been good for the country .
A recent survey from the Pew Research Center found that a majority of Americans ( 55 % ) believe the Trans - Pacific Partnership is a good thing , while just 25 % think the agreement will be bad for the country and 19 % do n’t have an opinion .
In the 2012 election an estimated 70 % of eligible voters in the Baby Boom , Silent and Greatest generations voted . Turnout among these generations was similar in 2004 ( 70 % ) and 2008 ( 69 % ) .
The ranks of photographers , artists and videographers have been trimmed by nearly half ( 43%)—from 6,171 in 2000 to 3,493 in 2012 , according to ASNE . By comparison , the number of full - time newspaper reporters and writers dropped by 32%—from 25,593 to 17,422 . In the same period , 27 % of copy and layout editor and online producer jobs were lost , falling from 10,901 to 7,980 .
Gallup reports that 33 % of Americans now cite dissatisfaction with government and lawmakers as the nation ’s top issue . That figure not only surpasses the economy ( 19 % ) and unemployment ( 12 % ) , but is the highest such percentage dating back to 1939 for what Gallup describes as “ dysfunctional government . ”
At least half in all of the nations surveyed say Russia is more influential now compared with a decade ago . Lebanon is particularly likely to say Russia ’s role has grown , with Shia ( 81 % ) and Sunni Muslims ( 77 % ) sharing this view .
Facebook remains a dominant force in teens ’ social media ecosystems , even as Instagram and Snapchat have risen into a prominent role in teens ’ online lives . Asked which platforms they used most often , the overall population of teens in this sample ( ages 13 to 17 ) reported that Facebook was the site they used most frequently ( 41 % said that ) , followed by Instagram ( 20 % ) and Snapchat ( 11 % ) .
The leaders were Nexstar , at 40 % growth , and Sinclair , at 35 % . Nexstar owns 75 television stations , which reach 44 markets across the country , and Sinclair operates 163 television stations in 77 markets . Seven companies showed revenue declines year - to - year , with Scripps ( -21 % ) and Washington Post Co. ( -18 % ) suffering the biggest losses .
About 3.9 million kindergarten through 12th - grade students in U.S. public and private schools in 2014 – or 7.3 % of the total – were children of unauthorized immigrants , according to new Pew Research Center estimates based on government data . These estimates reflect an increase since the end of the Great Recession in 2009 , when such students numbered 3.6 million and accounted for 6.6 % of the total .
In the August survey , 36 % of all adults approve of the way Trump is handling his job as president , including 26 % who say they strongly approve . But among those who say white people do not benefit at all from advantages that black people do not have , 74 % approve of Trump , with 60 % approving strongly . Among those who say white people do not benefit too much from advantages that blacks do not have , a smaller majority ( 57 % ) approve of Trump ’s job performance , including 39 % who strongly approve .
The survey also finds that the current U.S. government policy of banning the payment of ransom money for hostages held by terrorist groups has widespread approval . Though the policy has come under some recent criticism , 70 % approve of the current U.S. government policy while just 25 % disapprove .
More than half of the public ( 56 % ) says they have a favorable opinion of Barack Obama , down from 65 % in November 2009 . About seven - in - ten ( 69 % ) say they have a favorable opinion of Michelle Obama , about the same as the 71 % that said this in November . Still , the latest Pew Research / National Journal Congressional Connection Poll , sponsored by SHRM , shows both Barack and Michelle Obama with somewhat higher negative ratings . Barack Obama ’s unfavorable rating increased nine points from 30 % in November to 39 % ; Michelle Obama ’s increased six points from 16 % to 22 % .
More than nine - in - ten Italians ( 94 % ) considered immigration to be a big problem , including 64 % who said it was a very big problem in Italy .
Roughly eight - in - ten blacks with at least some college experience ( 81 % ) say they ’ve experienced racial discrimination , at least from time to time , including 17 % who say this happens regularly . Among blacks with a high school education or less , these shares are lower – 69 % and 9 % , respectively .
Across 30 political values – encompassing attitudes about guns , race , immigration , foreign policy and other realms – the average partisan gap is 39 percentage points . Across all 30 political values , the differences between Republicans and Democrats dwarf all other differences by demographics or other factors . The 39 - point average gap is more than twice the difference between white and nonwhite adults ( 17 percentage points ) ; people who regularly attend religious services and those who do not ( 14 points ) ; college graduates and those who have not completed college ( 10 points ) ; younger and older adults ( also 10 points ) ; and men and women ( 6 points ) .
Modi remains by far the most popular national figure in Indian politics tested in the survey . His favorable rating is 31 percentage points higher than that of Sonia Gandhi , the leader of the Congress party , and is 30 points more than that for Rahul Gandhi , who led the Congress ticket in the last Lok Sabha election .
Over the past 35 years , the share of American workers who belong to labor unions has fallen by about half . Union membership peaked in 1954 at nearly 35 % of all U.S. workers ( excluding the self - employed ) , but in 2018 the unionization rate was just 10.5 % .
in California , the state with the largest Hispanic population , 30 % say they prefer “ Hispanic ” and 17 % say they prefer the term “ Latino . ” In Florida , results are similar—31 % prefer “ Hispanic ” and 17 % prefer “ Latino . ” The pattern for New York and all other states is nearly the same .
Aside from gas prices , news about the Iraq war continued to draw considerable public interest . A third followed news about the situation in Iraq very closely , while 23 % said it was the story they followed most closely . In addition , 30 % paid very close attention to the debate in Washington over U.S. policy in Iraq , and 10 % said this was the story they followed most closely . More than a quarter of the public paid very close attention to the debate in Congress over new immigration policy , and 12 % listed this as their top story .
The answer given by those who have graduated from college is that their feelings of personal satisfaction and economic well - being are about the same , no matter which type of institution they attended , according to a 2013 Pew Research Center survey . Majorities of each group were satisfied with their family life , financial situation and current job . There were no statistically significant differences between the two groups on any of those three measures on overall satisfaction , though private school graduates were somewhat more likely than public school graduates to say they were “ very satisfied ” with their personal financial situation ( 44 % vs. 34 % ) .
About half ( a median of 49 % ) say trade creates jobs , roughly one - in - three ( 34 % ) believe it increases wages , and only about one - in - four ( 27 % ) think it decreases prices .
About three - quarters ( 76 % ) of Democrats say the ease with which people can legally obtain guns contributes a great deal or fair amount to gun violence , compared with just 39 % of Republicans .
Concern over drugs reached a peak in 1990 when 37 % of the public cited it as the top national problem .
84 % of the French who are following the race have confidence in Obama , compared with 60 % confident in Clinton .
In Israel , 82 % name the U.S. as the country they can most rely on as a dependable ally in the future .
Nearly three - quarters of Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 72 % ) say their bigger concern is that congressional Democrats will not do enough to oppose Trump and his policies . Just 20 % say they are more concerned that Democrats in Congress will go too far opposing Trump and his policies .
Overall , 68 % of U.S. adults say childhood vaccinations should be required , while 30 % say parents should be able to decide .
There were 91 reported aggravated or simple assaults motivated by anti - Muslim bias in 2015 , just two shy of the 93 reported in 2001 . Separately , the number of anti - Muslim intimidation crimes – defined as threatening bodily harm — also rose in 2015 , with 120 reported to the FBI .
About half ( 52 % ) had a favorable opinion of the FJP , while 44 % expressed a negative view . Meanwhile , ratings for both the NSF ( 45 % favorable , 52 % unfavorable ) and al - Nour ( 40 % favorable , 52 % unfavorable ) were on balance negative .
More than one - fifth of the national newshole ( 21 % ) was devoted to the presidential campaign , while news about the war — including the situation in Iraq , returning U.S. troops and the Iraq policy debate — drew only about half as much coverage .
While 84 % of respondents were raised as Catholic , only 69 % identified their current religion as Catholic .
Roughly one - quarter of Americans ( 27 % ) say they have chosen not to post something after witnessing online harassment , while a similar share ( 28 % ) say they adjusted their privacy settings after seeing this type of online behavior .
In 2012 the median household income was $ 51,017 , still below the pre - recession 2007 level ( $ 55,627 ) and also below the all - time peak level reached in 1999 ( $ 56,080 ) .
76 % in France say they have a favorable view of Muslims living in their country , similar to the 72 % registered in 2014 . Meanwhile , the percentage with a very favorable opinion of Muslims has increased significantly , rising from 14 % last year to 25 % today .
Roughly six - in - ten Japanese ( 61 % ) support increasing economic sanctions against North Korea to deal with Pyongyang ’s nuclear program . Only 25 % back deepening ties with North Korea .
More than six - in - ten say the national government ( 68 % ) , the court system ( 65 % ) and the military ( 63 % ) are having negative influences on the way things are going in Venezuela .
a majority of Germans ( 57 % ) believe it is more important for Germany to have strong ties with the United States than with Russia . Just 15 % prefer strong ties with Russia , and another 21 % volunteer that it is best to have an equally close relationship with both .
The Gulf spill was the most covered news story in nine weeks out of a 14 - week period studied by Pew Research Center . Our study of media coverage from April 20 to July 28 , 2010 , showed that the spill accounted for 22 % of the newshole ( almost double the next - biggest story ) and generated 31 % of cable news airtime . Public interest in the news remained high , even in weeks when news coverage dropped off ; in 13 of those 14 weeks , the public followed the story of the spill more closely than any other .
Across 10 measures that Pew Research Center has tracked on the same surveys since 1994 , the average partisan gap has increased from 15 percentage points to 36 points .
There was relatively little public interest in violent protests in Tibet against the Chinese government . Overall , just 12 % say they paid very close attention to this story , roughly equal to the number who followed the news about pro - democracy protests in Burma last fall ( 13 % followed Burma very closely ) . Just 4 % listed violence in Tibet as their most closely followed story while , for the national news media , stories about China and Tibet were the third biggest news story of the week accounting for 4 % of total coverage .
When Pakistanis are asked about the top problems facing their country , rising prices , electricity shortages , a lack of job opportunities , and crime top the list . Nine - in - ten or more name these as very big problems facing their nation . Half or more of Pakistanis rate 11 of the 16 issues included on the survey as very big problems .
Nationally , workers appear to be in shortest supply in two service sectors : professional / business services and healthcare / social assistance . Both had well over 1 million job openings in April – roughly one - third more than the sector with the third - highest number , accommodation and food services . All three of those sectors had openings rates of 5 % or higher , as did the catchall “ other services ” sector .
more Voters who cast their ballots for President - elect Joe Biden are much more hopeful than Biden supporters were in June : 72 % now say they are hopeful about the country , compared with 42 % then . There also has been a sharp decline in the share of Biden supporters who feel angry , from 80 % then to 56 % now .
Last year , for example , nearly a third of the retail employment surge ( 202,400 jobs ) occurred at clothing and accessories stores , and more than a quarter ( 177,400 jobs ) at department stores .
A majority of Democrats at various income levels support government subsidies for broadband , but there are significant differences among Republicans based on income . For example , 42 % of Republicans and Republican leaners with an annual household income of less than $ 30,000 support broadband subsidies for lower - income Americans .
more find it unacceptable than acceptable for social media companies to monitor users ’ posts for signs of depression so they can identify people who are at risk of self - harm and connect them to counseling services ( 45 % vs. 27 % ) . The same pattern arises when it comes to companies that make smart speakers sharing audio recordings of customers with law enforcement to help with criminal investigations : 49 % say this it is unacceptable , while 25 % find it acceptable .
blacks also are about twice as likely as whites to think there is too little attention paid to racial issues in this country ( 58 % vs. 27 % ) . Smaller shares of black Americans think race and racial issues get too much attention in the country ( 22 % ) or that they get the right amount ( 17 % ) .
More than three - in - four ( 75 % ) Latinos , and 84 % of foreign - born Latinos , say their current personal finances are in either fair or poor shape , while 61 % of the general U.S. population says that . But Latinos are more optimistic than others about the future : 67 % expect that their financial circumstances will improve over the next year ; just 56 % of the general population feels the same way .
A large majority of Clinton supporters ( 70 % ) say the Earth is warming mostly because of human activity , but just 22 % of Trump supporters share that view . Nearly half of Trump supporters ( 47 % ) say the Earth is warming because of natural patterns , and three - in - ten ( 30 % ) say there is no solid evidence the Earth is warming .
Fully six - in - ten multiracial Americans , including large shares across each of the major multiracial groups , say they are proud of their mixed racial background , and about the same percentage say their background has left them more open to different cultures . And most multiracial Americans , like other minorities , have experienced some form of racial discrimination ranging from racial slurs to physical threats . and so do single-race Asians (68% vs. 26%).
The Japanese public sees cybersecurity , ISIS and climate change as the biggest threats to their country . About seven - in - ten Japanese ( 71 % ) say cyberattacks from other countries are a major threat to Japan .
Parents on Facebook are especially avid users : 75 % log on daily , including 51 % who do so several times a day . This is a statistically significant difference when compared with non - parents , of whom 67 % log on to Facebook daily , including 42 % who do so several times a day . Mothers on Facebook are more likely to check the platform several times a day compared with fathers , 56 % vs. 43 % . Parents who use LinkedIn are more likely than non - parents to use the site daily ( 19 % vs. 10 % of non - parents ) .
Americans are more likely to prioritize greater cooperation with Germany than Germans are to prioritize increased cooperation with the U.S. About seven - in - ten in the U.S. ( 69 % ) want more cooperation with Germany , compared with half of Germans ( 50 % ) who want more cooperation with the U.S. Instead , Germans are most likely to say they want greater cooperation with France ( 77 % ) and Japan ( 69 % ) among the countries tested .
There is little difference in views of the nation ’s global standing by race and ethnicity : About three - in - ten whites ( 30 % ) and blacks ( 31 % ) and about a quarter of Hispanics ( 26 % ) view the U.S. as above all other nations . The majority view across each of these groups is that the U.S. is a great country , on par with some other countries .
six - in - ten Americans ( 60 % ) now say U.S. troops should be removed from Afghanistan as soon as possible .
One - quarter of Catholics say they have been divorced , including one - in - ten who are now remarried . And fully 44 % of U.S. Catholics say they have lived together with a romantic partner outside of marriage at some point in their lives , including 9 % who are currently cohabiting .
This week’s apparent coup d’etat in Zimbabwe may bring an end to the 37-year-long rule of President Robert Mugabe. It’s the first such seizure of power globally in three years – a reminder of how much rarer coups have become as methods of regime change.
Among the nation ’s 10.4 million unauthorized adults , a shrinking share have been in the country for less than five years—15 % in 2012 , compared with 38 % in 2000 . A rising share have lived in the U.S. for a decade or more—62 % in 2012 , compared with 35 % in 2000 . About a fifth ( 21 % ) had been in the U.S. for two decades or more as of 2012 .
Young adults are especially likely to use their mobile phones to keep themselves occupied while watching television , as nearly three quarters of all cell owners ages 18 - 24 ( 73 % ) used their cell phone in this manner recently . But while this behavior is especially common among the youngest cell owners , a majority of 25 - 34 year olds and just under half of those in their mid-30s to mid-40s have done this recently .
the share of Americans who read in order to research specific topics of interest has increased by 10 - percentage points over that time frame , from 74 % to 84 % .
Perhaps not surprisingly , workers at larger private sector employers are more likely to have paid family leave available . According to the NCS data , 23 % of workers at employers with 500 or more employees had access to the benefit ( up from 17 % in 2010 ) , while only 9 % of workers at employers with fewer than 100 employees do .
Most Americans ( 61 % ) say “ people are too quick to undergo cosmetic procedures in order to change their appearance in ways that are not really important , ” while a minority 36 % says “ it ’s understandable that more people undergo cosmetic procedures these days because it is a competitive world and people who look more attractive tend to have an advantage .
26 % overall say they are angry at the federal government , while 51 % feel frustrated . Just 17 % say they are basically content with the government .
When asked specifically about Kashmir , a majority of Indians ( 55 % ) see the situation there as a very big problem . More than half ( 53 % ) say circumstances in Kashmir have gotten worse over the last five years , and a majority ( 58 % ) believes the Indian government should use more military force than it uses currently in dealing with tensions in the area .
Seven - in - ten women ( 70 % ) say they see online harassment as a major problem , compared with 54 % of men .
Between 2007 and 2008 , confidence in Chavez declined in all of the three Latin American countries included in the 2008 Global Attitudes poll — Argentina , Brazil and Mexico . In Argentina , only a quarter ( 26 % ) held a lot or some confidence in Chavez in 2008 , a drop of 14 percentage points from 2007 . Similarly in Mexico , confidence ratings in Chavez declined 11 percentage points from 17 % to 6 % . In Brazil , the drop was less substantial , from 17 % to 12 % .
The 10th anniversary of the Sept. 11 terror attacks topped the public ’s news interest last week , but Americans also continued to closely track news about the nation ’s struggling economy . About a quarter ( 27 % ) say they followed coverage of the solemn 9/11 anniversary more closely than any other news . Nearly as many ( 23 % ) say they followed news about the economy most closely .
Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are now 21 points more likely than Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents to express confidence in Putin ( 31 % vs. 10 % )
Millennials will be the largest generation in the U.S. and in the American electorate . say they would be both enthusiastic and worried, but, overall, concern outweighs excitement. The biggest resistance is toward technologies that would result in abilities “far above that of any human known to date” or in permanent changes. Note: Item No. 3 in this post was updated on May 1, 2018.
Democrats feel warmly toward Clinton , while Republican views of her are very cold . Hillary Clinton is a polarizing figure in U.S. politics . In a survey conducted this spring , Democrats give her an average rating of 73 on a 0 - to-100 “ feeling thermometer , ” where 100 is the warmest , most positive rating and zero the coldest , most negative . Republicans , on the other hand , give her an average rating of 12 , and 59 % give her a zero on the scale .
About as many ( 48 % ) say such pre - emptive use of military force can rarely ( 28 % ) or never ( 20 % ) be justified .
Obama was by far the most visible candidate in the news last week . Two - thirds of the public ( 67 % ) named Obama as the candidate they ’ve been hearing the most about in the news in the past week or so . Roughly one - in - five ( 22 % ) named Clinton and just 2 % named McCain .
Republicans , for example , are somewhat less likely than Democrats to say local journalists are in touch with the communities they serve ( 61 % of Republicans say this vs. 67 % of Democrats ) and that local news media cover the area where they live ( 49 % vs. 54 % ) and have a lot of local influence ( 34 % vs. 40 % ) .
Job approval ratings for both Republican and Democratic leaders in Congress are down slightly from mid - summer . Though Republicans may be poised for major gains in the House and Senate in the midterm elections , just 24 % of the public approves of the job being done by the party ’s leaders in Congress . That is down from 33 % in July , and equals a low measured at about the same time last year .
black Muslims are much more likely than nonblack Muslims to have been born in the United States ( 69 % vs. 36 % ) , though less likely than black Christians ( 90 % ) .
77 % of whites , but only 56 % of blacks agreed that the position of blacks in American society has improved in recent years .
about six - in - ten Americans ( 59 % ) feel exhausted by the amount of election coverage , while 39 % say they like getting a lot of coverage about the election .
Americans are closely divided in their view of the news media ’s coverage of climate change . Some 47 % of U.S. adults say the media does a good job covering global climate change , while 51 % say they do a bad job .
Fully 86 % have a favorable view of Duterte himself , 78 % support his handling of the illegal - drugs issue and 62 % say that the Philippine government is making progress in its anti - drug campaign.1
The polling variability in 2004 falls close to that seen in 1984 and 1988 , when the average spread was 2.2 % and 2.3 % , respectively , and slightly above the election of 2000 ( at 1.7 % ) .
Overall , 37 % of Americans cite the health care reform debate as the single news story they followed most closely this past week , while 18 % cite news about the economy . These figures are largely unchanged from the previous week . Continuing reports about Tiger Woods remains a major story for some Americans . Roughly one - in - seven Americans ( 14 % ) say they followed news about Tiger Woods more closely than any other story . The international forum on climate change in Copenhagen attracted less focus – just 5 % say that was their top news story this past week .
most ( 63 % ) say they spend too little time with their kids and a much smaller share ( 36 % ) say they spend the right amount of time with them , according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in August and September 2017 . Moms , by comparison , still do more of the child care and are more likely than dads to say they are satisfied with the amount of time they spend with their kids . About half ( 53 % ) say this , while only 35 % say they spend too little time with their children , according to the survey .
Among religiously affiliated Southern teens , roughly four - in - ten say they regularly pray before eating lunch at their public school ( 38 % ) , compared with smaller shares in the Midwest ( 23 % ) , West ( 20 % ) and Northeast ( 13 % ) who say this .
Today , just over half of Americans ( 53 % ) believe current economic ties between the U.S. and China are bad . Fewer ( 41 % ) think economic relations between the two nations are good , with just 2 % of American adults saying ties are very good .
87 % agree with the statement “ Scientists should take an active role in public policy debates about issues related to science and technology . ” Just 13 % of these scientists back the opposite statement : “ Scientists should focus on establishing sound scientific facts and stay out of public policy debates . ”
Views of Chinese President Xi Jinping are , on balance , negative across the 34 countries surveyed . A median of 45 % say they lack confidence in him when it comes to world affairs , compared with a median of 29 % who say they trust him to do the right thing .
The disparity is most pronounced in New Zealand , where the top quartile of most active legislative tweeters produced 76 % of all legislative tweets . The conversation is least concentrated in the U.S. , where the top quarter of legislative tweeters only posted 58 % of total tweets from members of Congress .
Obama ’s confidence ratings varied from 49 % to 71 % in the Center ’s polling in Israel during his administration . Between 2014 and 2015 , his ratings dipped substantially , reflecting tensions between Obama and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu over the Iran nuclear deal . Israel is one of only two countries ( Russia being the other ) in which Trump ’s ratings are higher than Obama ’s during the final two years of his administration .
About 2.5 million Latinos are registered to vote in Florida for the 2020 presidential election , making up a record 17 % of the state ’s total . This is up from 2016 , when about 2 million Latinos were registered to vote , accounting for 16 % of Florida ’s registered voters , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Florida state government data .
Through much of this election cycle – especially in recent months – interest in campaign news has been comparable to interest in the 2008 race . Four years ago , the percentage following presidential election news very closely dipped following the early primary fights between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton but then ramped up sharply at the end of the summer as the parties met to nominate their candidates .
Republicans are no more likely to consider their vote as “ against ” the president than they were in early 2010 ( 46 % today , 42 % in February 2010 ) . But Republicans typically vote at higher rates than Democrats in midterm elections . Democratic voters ’ lack of enthusiasm for Obama may complicate Democrats ’ turnout efforts .
More Hispanics than Americans overall say the outbreak is a major threat to their personal financial situation ( 50 % vs. 34 % ) , day - to - day life in their local community ( 49 % vs. 36 % ) and their personal health ( 39 % vs. 27 % ) .
While blacks are more likely than whites to be Protestant or Muslim , they are significantly less likely to be Catholic . Only 5 % of blacks say they are Catholic , compared with 21 % of the public overall , including 19 % of whites , 48 % of Hispanics and 17 % of Asian Americans .
Two - in - three say the large amount of U.S. debt held by China ( $ 1.27 trillion ) is a very serious problem , and six - in - ten hold this view about the loss of jobs to China .
Last month , according to BLS , 2.8 million Americans who re - entered the labor force but had n’t yet found jobs were counted as unemployed .
A majority of Americans ( 54 % ) say that gun ownership in this country does more to protect people from becoming victims of crime , while 40 % say it does more to put people ’s safety at risk .
About a quarter of the public ( 24 % ) say they very closely followed news about the deadly suicide bomb in Afghanistan on Dec. 30 that killed seven CIA employees and a Jordanian intelligence officer ; 6 % say this was the story they followed most closely last week .
when asked whether they consider themselves as a national citizen first or as a Muslim first , French Muslims split relatively evenly ( 42 % vs. 46 % ) on the issue . Not only is this remarkably different from Muslims elsewhere in Europe ( fully 81 % of British Muslims self - identify with their religion rather than their nationality , for example ) but it is remarkably close to the responses given by Americans when asked whether they identify first as national citizens or as Christians ( 48 % vs. 42 % ) .
News reports about swine flu and the availability of a vaccine were followed very closely by about a quarter of the public ( 26 % ) , while 9 % named news about swine flu as their top story of the week .
the stories that included a direct tweet from Trump were more likely than others to have an overall negative assessment of him or his administration – that is , had at least twice as many negative as positive statements . Just over half of stories that had a tweet from Trump ( 54 % ) had a negative assessment , 12 percentage points higher than stories that did not contain any of his tweets ( 42 % ) .
Despite rapid declines in teen birth rates across all major racial and ethnic groups , disparities persist . In 2018 , the birth rate for Hispanic and black teens ages 15 to 19 was almost double the rate among white teens and more than five times as high as the rate among Asians and Pacific Islanders .
Older generations identify overwhelmingly as Christian . For example , 85 % of the Silent generation identify as a member of a Christian denomination , while just 11 % say they are religiously unaffiliated ( defined as atheist , agnostic or “ nothing in particular ” ) . By contrast , smaller majorities of Millennials ( 56 % ) and Gen Xers ( 70 % ) identify as Christian , while as many as 35 % of Millennials and 23 % of Gen Xers do not identify with any organized religion .
about Slightly more than a quarter ( 27 % ) say they heard a lot last week about CBS correspondent Lara Logan being attacked while covering events in Egypt . Another 42 % say they heard a little about this , while 31 % say they heard nothing at all .
48 % of those 65 and older favor alternative energy , compared with 74 % of those under the age of 30 .
India replaces China as the world ’s most populous country : India ’s population is expected to increase by 400 million by 2050 . Its projected population of 1.6 billion will be almost equal to the populations of the U.S. and China combined . China is projected to add only 25 million residents .
Obama ’s Standing – Historically , second term presidencies are often full of surprises and many of them unpleasant . Absent a surprise , so far , public opinion on Obama is running ahead of George W. Bush , but behind where both Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton , whose unexpected troubles revealed themselves two years into their second term .
A median of 77 % believe that the economic system generally favors the wealthy .
About half ( 51 % ) declare any religious affiliation at all , versus close to eight - in - ten U.S. adults ; about a fifth ( 17 % ) are both religiously affiliated and say religion is very important in their lives , compared with just over half ( 54 % ) of the general public .
Republicans and Republican leaners with no more than a high school diploma are nearly twice as likely as those with a college degree to say ensuring health care coverage is a government responsibility ( 43 % vs. 22 % ) .
Among those who say they have discussed these topics with their children , 70 % say they raised the issues while only 10 % say their children initiated the conversations .
144,000 more people left the island for the mainland than the other way around from mid-2010 to 2013 , a larger gap between emigrants and migrants than during the entire decades of the 1970s , 1980s or 1990s .
54 % say that it would be “ somewhat ” or “ very ” difficult to find the tools and strategies that would enhance their privacy online and when using cellphones , according to a Pew Research Center report .
In December , a majority of the public ( 82 % ) also said Trump should be more cautious in “ the kinds of things he says and tweets ” once he becomes president . Just 15 % said there is no need for him to change .
Disabled Americans were politically engaged in the 2016 presidential election . In a survey conducted in the early summer of 2016 , about seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) Americans who self - identified as disabled said it “ really matters who wins the election , ” compared with 59 % of Americans who did not report having a disability .
Young adults – those younger than 35 – continue to be the most likely of all age groups to rent . In 2016 , 65 % of households headed by people younger than 35 were renting , up from 57 % in 2006 . Rental rates have also risen notably among those ages 35 to 44 . In 2016 , about four - in - ten ( 41 % ) households headed by someone in this age range were renting , up from 31 % in 2006 .
Opinions about the national economy have changed even more dramatically over this one - year period . Two - thirds now say Brazil ’s once - booming economy is in bad shape , while just 32 % say the economy is good . In 2013 , the balance of opinion was reversed : a 59%-majority thought the country was in good shape economically , while 41 % said the economy was bad .
Majorities of Americans say the federal government does not provide enough help for older people (65%), poor people (62%) and the middle class (61%). By contrast, nearly two-thirds (64%) say the government provides too much help for wealthy people. Opinions are more divided about the amount of help the government Majorities of Americans say the federal government does not provide enough help for older people ( 65 % ) , poor people ( 62 % ) and the middle class ( 61 % ) . By contrast , nearly two - thirds ( 64 % ) say the government provides too much help for wealthy people .
For adults with Hispanic ancestry who do not self - identify as Hispanic , 81 % say they have never considered themselves Hispanic or Latino .
Parents are more likely to be Facebook friends with their parents than non - parents , 53 % vs. 40 % . They also are more likely to be friends with their neighbors on the network , 41 % vs. 34 % of non - parents .
there are now 69 Catholic Republicans and 68 Catholic Democrats in the House of Representatives – the new balance is a departure from the previous three Congresses ( 2009 - 2014 ) . Indeed , just six years ago , there were more than two and a half times as many Catholic Democrats ( 98 ) as Catholic Republicans ( 37 ) in the House .
Since the 2004 election cycle , 27 of the 41 candidates who appeared in the Republican or Democratic presidential primary debates ( or have announced for 2016 ) included a public address in their formal announcement , according to our calculations . ( Sometimes , candidates have also made the announcement on some other platform , as in 2003 when former Sen. John Edwards , a North Carolina Democrat , announced on The Daily Show before giving a formal speech . ) In that election cycle , twice as many Republican candidates ( eight ) made their announcements through a TV or radio appearance than did through formal speeches ( four ) .
The median Twitter user produces two tweets per month , according to a 2019 study . However , among the most prolific tweeters – defined as those in the top 10 % in the number of tweets they send – the median user produces 138 tweets each month .
Across the nine African nations polled , a median of 60 % say they expect their country ’s economy to improve over the next 12 months , the highest of any region . A median of 56 % believe children in their country today will be financially better off than their parents , and about seven - in - ten or more hold this view in Nigeria , Ethiopia and Burkina Faso .
In a 2014 Pew Research Center survey , roughly three - quarters of adults said it was OK for people to use their phones while walking down the street , riding public transit or waiting in line , but far fewer found it acceptable to use cellphones during a meeting , at the movies or in church .
Fully 64 % of Democratic and Democratic - leaning registered voters say Trump would make a terrible president . That is by far the highest percentage among the seven GOP candidates in the survey .
Roughly six - in - ten parents say they have either checked which websites their teen has visited or looked at their teen ’s social media profile . And about half say they have looked through their teen ’s phone call records or messages .
two - thirds of Chinese said in 2015 that their nation would eventually replace the U.S. – or had already replaced it – as the world ’s leading superpower . Americans , on the other hand , were split . About half ( 48 % ) believed China would never surpass the U.S. as the world ’s leading superpower , while 46 % said that China would eventually replace the U.S. or already had . By contrast , in 2009 , a majority ( 57 % ) of Americans thought China would never overtake the U.S. as the top global power .
The median age of non - internet users is 59 , and 25 % report having household incomes under $ 20,000 per year .
Nearly seven - in - ten Kenyans ( 68 % ) who own a cell phone say they regularly use their mobile device to make or receive payments . Half in Uganda say this as well .
Now , just over half of Americans ( 55 % ) say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally , while 37 % remain opposed , according to Pew Research Center ’s March poll . A decade ago , the balance of opinion was reversed : 55 % were opposed , while 35 % were in favor .
those in Turkey were somewhat less concerned about the regional impact of Syria ’s civil war , although a 55%-majority still worried that the violence would spread . Even more Turks ( 62 % ) fretted that the conflict would cross into their own country .
Latinos continue to lag behind non - Latinos in cell phone use . Just over three - fourths ( 76 % ) of Latinos ages 18 and older use cell phones ; this number is 86 % among non - Latinos.9 The same is true with regard to internet use , despite marked gains by Latinos in recent years ( Livingston , Parker and Fox 2009 ) . Some 64 % of Latinos use the internet , compared with 78 % of non - Latinos — a 14 percentage point difference .
The Daily Show attracts a much younger news consumer than cable and network news shows . The median age of Web - using adults who got news from The Daily Show was 36 years last year , similar to that of its then - companion show , The Colbert Report ( 33 years ) .
A small majority ( 53 % ) says they should pay a fine but not be deported . A small minority ( 13 % ) says they should be deported , and a larger minority ( 28 % ) says they should not be punished .
More than six - in - ten Republicans ( 63 % ) give China an unfavorable rating , compared with 51 % of independents and 50 % of Democrats .
Greeks also differ from other Europeans in their evaluation of international institutions . Of the countries surveyed , Greeks have the least favorable views of the United Nations , the EU and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) . Roughly two - thirds of Europeans have a favorable view of the UN , compared with roughly four - in - ten Greeks ( 41 % ) . Nearly six - in - ten Europeans ( 59 % ) view NATO favorably , compared with just a quarter of Greeks . And on the EU , 51 % of Europeans view the institution favorably while only 27 % of Greeks agree .
Mothers who are not working for pay spend more time , on average , on child care and housework than do working mothers , but they also have more time for leisure and sleep .
Most Indians see Pakistan , their neighbor to the west , as a threat . When asked how serious of a danger Pakistan poses for India , about three - quarters in India ( 76 % ) say Pakistan is a threat , including 63 % who say it is a very serious threat . Only 7 % of Indians do not see Pakistan as a danger for their country .
Republicans generally see an economy that is thriving ; 56 % judge it as excellent or good . Democrats and independents see it much more negatively ; just 28 % of independents and 23 % of Democrats say the economy is doing well .
only about half of Republicans ( 47 % ) agree that “ there needs to be stricter laws and regulations to protect the environment . ”
The slower rate of jobs growth for whites and blacks reflects the relatively slow growth in their populations .
Only about one - in - ten ( 11 % ) cite news about protests in Egypt and other Middle Eastern countries as the story they followed most closely last week .
At that time , the global fertility rate was 4.47 projected lifetime births per woman , but 2.03 among G7 nations .
Both black and Hispanic respondents were more likely than whites to say they feel they need to stay tuned in to news about the coronavirus outbreak . Roughly four - in - ten black adults said this ( 39 % ) , as did 36 % of Hispanics . Around a quarter of white adults ( 23 % ) said the same . Still , majorities in all three groups said they need to take breaks from this news from time to time ( 76 % of white , 63 % of Hispanic and 60 % of black adults ) .
Catholics are about as diverse as Americans overall , but their specific racial and ethnic composition is somewhat different . Compared with all U.S. adults , Catholics are made up of fewer non - Hispanic whites ( 59 % vs. 66 % ) and blacks ( 3 % vs. 12 % ) and more heavily made up of Hispanics ( 34 % vs. 15 % ) .
Only , in neighboring Canada does a 53%-majority describe Americans as rude . Interestingly , Americans themselves are more likely to assign that negative characteristic to their fellow countrymen ( 35 % do so ) than are the residents of Great Britain ( 29 % ) , the Netherlands ( 26 % ) and Poland ( 21 % ) . And a scant 12 % of Germans find Americans lacking in politeness .
In the weeks before Joe Biden ’s strong performance in South Carolina and on Super Tuesday , Americans considered him the Democratic presidential candidate with the worst recent news coverage . Around a quarter of U.S. adults ( 27 % ) said Biden had received the worst news coverage in the weeks leading up to the survey . Smaller shares said this about Michael Bloomberg ( 20 % ) , Bernie Sanders ( 13 % ) , Tulsi Gabbard ( 11 % ) and the other candidates . Republicans were slightly more likely than Democrats to say Biden had received the worst news coverage ( 31 % vs. 25 % ) .
Overall , 54 % of Americans say they pay about the right amount in taxes , considering what they get from the federal government , while 40 % say they pay more than their fair share . Just 5 % believe they pay less than their fair share .
Germans are about twice as likely to say they prefer a close relationship to the U.S. over China ( 50 % to 24 % ) , while Americans are almost equally divided ( 41 % prefer Germany , 44 % say China ) .
Roughly half of Americans ( 52 % ) say Barack Obama ’s expression of support for gay marriage did not affect their opinion of the president . A quarter ( 25 % ) say they feel less favorably toward Obama because of this while 19 % feel more favorably .
About four - in - ten Brazilians ( 42 % ) believe the political instability will get worse in the next five years , 29 % say the problem will stay the same and roughly a quarter ( 24 % ) believe the instability will get better .
26 % of Democratic and Democratic - leaning registered voters favor Biden , 21 % Sanders , 16 % Warren , 7 % Buttigieg and 5 % Bloomberg .
Pope Francis has called on Europe ’s Catholics to do more to house refugees , and he is expected to address the issue again during his current U.S. visit .
Overall , 51 % say their greater concern about military action is that the U.S. will go too far getting involved in the situation . Fewer ( 32 % ) say they are more concerned that the U.S. will not go far enough in stopping Islamic militants .
About six - in - ten Americans ( 61 % ) say the higher education system in the United States is going in the wrong direction , according to a new Pew Research Center survey .
The number of people ages 5 and older who speak Arabic at home has grown by 29 % between 2010 and 2014 to 1.1 million , making it the seventh most commonly spoken non - English language in the U.S. Meanwhile , the number who speak Spanish at home has grown only 6 % over the same time period .
Fully 89 % of parents of a child age 5 to 11 say their child watches videos on YouTube , as do 81 % of those who have a child age 3 to 4 and 57 % of those who have child age 2 or younger .
Among immigrants ages 5 and older in 2018 , half ( 53 % ) are proficient English speakers – either speaking English very well ( 37 % ) or only speaking English at home ( 17 % ) .
Some 15 % of online adults1 use Twitter as of February 2012 , and 8 % do so on a typical day .
74 % of U.S. adults say it is more important to be able to “ keep things about themselves from being searchable online , ” while 23 % say it is more important to be able to “ discover potentially useful information about others .
In Jordan , where about 97 % of the population practices Islam , about nine - in - ten adults or more rated both Muslims and Christians favorably .
A majority ( 57 % ) of adults say the U.S. has n’t gone far enough when it comes to giving women equal rights with men .
Around six - in - ten Hispanics ( 63 % ) say the U.S. government has done a somewhat ( 36 % ) or very bad ( 26 % ) job at dealing with the increased number of people seeking asylum at the nation ’s southern border .
About half ( 49 % ) of the public says it is possible to cut back on environmental regulations and still effectively protect air and water quality , while a similar share ( 47 % ) says this is not possible .
About half of U.S. adults ( 51 % ) say transgender individuals should be allowed to use public restrooms that correspond with the gender they currently identify with , according to a new Pew Research Center survey . But nearly as many ( 46 % ) take the opposite position – on the side of the North Carolina law – and say transgender people should be required to use bathrooms that match the gender they were born into .
Cellphones are deeply embedded in the everyday experiences of most U.S. teens . Most notably , 72 % of teens say they at least sometimes check for messages or notifications as soon as they wake up ( with 44 % saying they often do this ) . And 57 % feel they often or sometimes have to respond to messages from other people immediately . Meanwhile , 31 % of teens say they lose focus in class because they are checking their cellphone – though just 8 % say this often happens to them , and 38 % say it never does .
In Germany , 54 % also supported a ban while in France an even larger majority — 78 % — did so . But in Great Britain , a solid majority ( 62 % ) thought the banning of scarves was a bad idea . Opinion was more evenly divided in Spain , where 43 % said the ban is a good idea and 48 % opposed it .
Roughly one - quarter of social media users ages 50 and older have used these platforms to look for work or to let their friends know about job openings , and 11 % of older social media users have applied for a job they first found out about on social media .
Opinions vary widely across the countries surveyed on whether religion plays a more or less important role compared with 20 years ago . Those saying religion is more important ranges from 7 % in Spain and 8 % in Japan to 83 % in Indonesia and 65 % in Nigeria .
About half of the public ( 48 % ) says life for future generations of Americans will be worse than life today , while a quarter ( 25 % ) say it will be better and a similar share ( 26 % ) say it will be about the same .
Some 34 % of older internet users say they have little to no confidence in their ability to use electronic devices to perform online tasks , while 48 % of seniors say that this statement describes them very well
This year , one - in - four ( 25 % ) Hispanics lack health insurance , the highest rate of any racial or ethnic group , according to the Current Population Survey ’s March 2014 Annual Social and Economic Supplement .
only 15 % of the public believes that children today in Japan will grow up to be better off financially than their parents , while 76 % expect they will be worse off .
A January 2018 survey found growing partisan polarization in views of Pope Francis , with Catholic Republicans holding less favorable views of the pontiff than Catholic Democrats . That polarization persists today , with roughly nine - in - ten ( 87 % ) Catholic Democrats and Democratic leaners viewing Francis favorably compared with 71 % among Catholic Republicans and Republican leaners .
About as many Hispanics support the current system for deciding immigration cases as do those expediting the process ( 49 % – 47 % ) , which would have the effect of speeding up deportations . The split among Hispanics is in contrast to views of the overall public , which backs a faster process over the current policy by 53 % to 39 % .
The number of Americans hearing mostly bad news about the economy has fallen 12 points over the past month and 31 points since fears of a new recession intensified in August. Currently, 56% say the news they are hearing about the economy is a mix of good and bad, while The number of Americans hearing mostly bad news about the economy has fallen 12 points over the past month and 31 points since fears of a new recession intensified in August . Currently , 56 % say the news they are hearing about the economy is a mix of good and bad , while 36 % say the news is mostly bad .
a clear majority of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 57 % ) now say the economic system is generally fair to most Americans . As recently as the spring of 2016 , a 54 % majority of Republicans took the view that the economic system unfairly favors powerful interests . And while wide majorities of Democrats and Democratic leaners have long said that the U.S. economic system unfairly favors powerful interests , the share who say this has increased since 2016 – from 76 % then to 84 % today .
An estimated 800,000 to 1.2 million unauthorized immigrants lived in the United Kingdom in 2017, according to new Pew Research Center estimates based on the An estimated 800,000 to 1.2 million unauthorized immigrants lived in the United Kingdom in 2017 , according to new Pew Research Center estimates based on the latest available data . This number is little changed since 2014 .
A global median of 45 % say the Chinese government does not respect the personal freedoms of its people , while only 34 % say that it does .
Fully 95 % give the military positive ratings . The police also receive high ratings , with 82 % support in 2014 , up from 71 % last year .
Only 18 % of liberal Democrats say the U.S. mostly succeeded in achieving its goals , compared with 39 % of conservative and moderate Democrats . There is little difference between conservative Republicans ( 50 % ) and moderate and liberal Republicans ( 43 % ) .
sizable majorities of Nigerians expressed positive views toward China on a variety of economic issues : 83 % said China ’s growing economy is a good thing for their country , while a comparable share ( 82 % ) said Chinese investment is a good thing because it creates jobs in their country .
The drop in awareness comes as press attention to the war has waned . According to the News Content Index conducted by the Project for Excellence in Journalism , the percentage of news stories devoted to the war has sharply declined since last year , dropping from an average of 15 % of the newshole in July to just 3 % in February .
In April 2009 , 61 % agreed with the statement “ labor unions are necessary to protect the working person , ” down from 68 % in 2007 and 74 % in 2003 . In the same survey , six - in - ten ( 61 % ) agreed that “ labor unions have too much power , ” up from 52 % in 1999 .
Majorities in 22 of 24 countries surveyed say it is important that people have access to the internet without government censorship . In 12 nations , at least seven - in - ten hold this view . Opposition to government restrictions on the internet is especially common in several of the Latin American nations surveyed , including Venezuela , Chile , Argentina , Brazil , Mexico and Bolivia . It is also widespread in the Middle Eastern nations of Lebanon and Egypt .
Bill Clinton remains a more popular figure than George W. Bush . Today , 58 % of Americans view Clinton favorably , while 38 % have an unfavorable opinion . George W. Bush , by contrast , is viewed more negatively than positively ( 44 % favorable , 52 % unfavorable ) .
among blacks , those living in suburban areas are somewhat more likely to be married ( 32 % ) than those living in rural ( 27 % ) or urban ( 26 % ) areas .
In Western European countries , confidence in the U.S. president has declined sharply . Clear majorities in the United Kingdom , France and Germany had at least some confidence in Obama , with shares reaching 93 % in Germany at the start of his presidency .
According to a new Pew Research Center survey spanning 37 nations , a median of just 22 % has confidence in Trump to do the right thing when it comes to international affairs .
Majorities in 14 of 23 countries say that China does not take into account the interests of countries like theirs when making foreign policy decisions . This view is prevalent in the U.S. and among EU nations — more than seven - in - ten in France , Spain and Britain , and somewhat smaller majorities in Poland , the U.S. and Germany , think China generally ignores their interests . Majorities in the Middle East also agree with this perspective .
In other news last week , 22 % of Americans followed news about the search for the killer of a pregnant Marine , while 16 % listed this as the story they were following more closely than any other . Roughly three - in - ten followed news about the situation in Iraq very closely , but only 7 % listed this as their top story of the week . The national news media devoted a mere 1 % of its overall coverage to the Iraq war last week . Bush ’s trip to the Middle East drew modest public interest : 17 % followed this story very closely and 3 % listed it as their most closely followed story of the week .
While 60 % of smartphone owners ages 18 to 29 and roughly half of those ages 30 to 49 say they mostly use their cellphone to use the internet , those shares fall to about one - third or less among those ages 50 and older . On the other hand , smartphone users ages 50 and over are about twice as likely as those under the age of 50 to say they mostly access the internet through a computer of some kind ( 43 % vs. 21 % ) .
Confidence in the U.S. president plummeted in many countries , particularly in Western Europe , while opinions of America itself also declined sharply . In the U.S. , already - wide partisan gaps on fundamental political values grew even wider . A fraught relationship between Trump and the press drew frequent attention , with large majorities seeing it as unhealthy and an impediment to Americans ’ ability to access important political news . And , as the country began to adjust to this new era , substantial shares in both parties – particularly women – said they were paying more attention to politics since Trump ’s election .
Majorities of women across age groups say “ feminist ” describes them at least somewhat well , but those ages 50 to 64 are the least likely to say it describes them very well . Only 12 % in this age group say this , compared with 27 % of women ages 18 to 29 , 19 % of women ages 30 to 49 and 20 % of women 65 and older .
A Web - only survey estimated that 82 % of the public uses the internet on a daily basis , while the full sample ( including non - internet users ) finds 69 % go online daily . Similarly , there is a 10 - point difference in the percentage of people who report having sent an email or text message to a friend or relative yesterday ( 79 % among the Web sample vs. 69 % among the full sample ) . There is also a 10 - point difference in reported ownership of a laptop or desktop computer ( 90 % of the Web sample vs. 80 % overall ) .
Around six - in - ten of these adults play puzzle and strategy games ( 62 % play each type ) , according to the 2017 survey . Meanwhile , 49 % play adventure games , 42 % play shooter games , 39 % play role - playing games , 33 % play team sport or racing games and 32 % play simulation games . Women who often or sometimes play video games are more likely than men to play puzzle games ( 72 % vs. 52 % ) . This genre is also more popular among game players ages 65 and older than among those ages 18 to 29 ( 74 % and 56 % of whom , respectively , play puzzle games ) .
37 % say they are following the debate over gun control very closely . That compares with just 23 % who say they are very closely following news about debate over immigration policy .
About a third of Americans ( 34 % ) say they followed news about the condition of the U.S. economy more closely than any other story last week
The public is mixed when it comes to the potential impact that more Americans owning guns would have on crime in the U.S. Comparable shares say that if more Americans owned guns , there would be more crime ( 37 % ) or there would be no impact on the amount of crime ( 33 % ) . About one - in - three say there would be less crime .
Americans focused most closely last week on news about the nation’s struggling economy and President Obama’s plans to draw down U.S. troops in Afghanistan. Two-in-ten (20%) say the economy was their top story, while 16% say they followed the discussions in Washington about troop levels in Afghanistan more closely than Americans focused most closely last week on news about the nation ’s struggling economy and President Obama ’s plans to draw down U.S. troops in Afghanistan .
A record 33.2 million Hispanics in the U.S. speak English proficiently , according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data . In 2013 , this group made up 68 % of all Hispanics ages 5 and older , up from 59 % in 2000 . At the same time that the share of Latinos who speak English proficiently is growing , the share that speaks Spanish at home has been declining over the last 13 years . In 2013 , 73 % of Latinos ages 5 and older said they speak Spanish at home , down from 78 % who said the same in 2000 .
About as many disapprove ( 50 % ) as approve ( 46 % ) of Obama ’s action , which could make up to 4 million people newly eligible for deportation relief . Roughly eight - in - ten Republicans ( 82 % ) disapprove of the executive action and about seven - in - ten Democrats ( 71 % ) approve of it , with very strong attitudes on both sides .
In 2014 , Cubans made up a smaller share ( 31 % ) of Hispanic eligible voters – adult U.S. citizens – in Florida than they did in 1990 ( 46 % ) .
among parents with at least some work experience , mothers with children under age 18 were about three times as likely as fathers to say that being a working parent made it harder for them to advance in their job or career ( 51 % vs. 16 % ) .
A majority of Xers also named Clinton as best ( 38 % ) or second - best ( 18 % ) , while 43 % cite Reagan ( 34 % as best , 9 % as second - best ) . Just 23 % of Xers say that Obama is the best or second best president of their lifetimes ; 18 % cite George H. W. Bush and 14 % cite George W. Bush .
Currently , Democrats are more definite about their general election preferences than are Republicans : 73 % of Democratic and Democratic - leaning voters say they will definitely vote for the party ’s nominee , while 59 % of Republican and Republican - leaning voters say they will definitely vote for Trump .
while clear majorities of whites agree that government should do more to help the needy ( 55 % in the 2005 Typology ) and guarantee food and shelter ( 62 % in the 2003 Values survey ) , the numbers of blacks expressing those views are much larger ( 72 % and 80%)—a differential that has remained essentially constant over time .
Independents also view the Republican Party less favorably ; 29 % today , compared with 37 % six months ago .
More than eight - in - ten churchgoing Christians say their primary church offers streaming or recorded services online or on TV , including roughly nine - in - ten evangelical ( 92 % ) and mainline Protestants ( 86 % ) who say this .
In the United States , 65 % of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents give the EU a positive rating , compared with just 39 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents . This 26 percentage point difference is the largest gap between Democrats and Republicans since Pew Research Center began asking this question in 2002 .
Most Americans continue to say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the nation ’s economy , though the percentage hearing mostly bad news has ticked up since last month . Nearly six - in - ten ( 57 % ) say they are hearing mixed news about the economy , 30 % say they are hearing mostly bad economic news and 11 % say they are hearing mostly good news
Among those who say almost everyone in their family shares their political views ( 22 % of the public ) , an overwhelming share ( 82 % ) says their family is comfortable talking about politics .
The share of Republicans who say the deficit affects their finances a lot has declined by about half since 2011 , from 48 % to 23 % . About one - in - five Democrats ( 22 % ) also say the deficit has a big financial impact , down from 38 % seven years ago .
Just half see the military effort in Iraq going very or fairly well , while nearly as many ( 46 % ) say things are not going well .
In 2012 , according to analysis by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , more than 30 % of student - loan borrowers who moved into their repayment cycles were delinquent ( that is , they ’re 90 days or more behind in their payments ) , up from 20 % just eight years earlier . That “ effective delinquency rate , ” which excludes people who are n’t yet on the hook to start repaying their loans , has risen among all age groups but is highest among borrowers younger than 30 : 35 % of that subgroup was delinquent in 2012 .
Seventy years after the end of the Chinese Civil War , about two - thirds of adults in Taiwan identify as just Taiwanese . On the other hand , about three - in - ten ( 28 % ) see themselves as both Taiwanese and Chinese . The question asks respondents whether they consider themselves Taiwanese , Chinese or both . A mere 4 % see themselves as only Chinese .
a median of 75 % of cell phone owners say they text .
Half of Americans say that their European allies should keep national defense spending at current levels , while 35 % say these allies should increase their defense spending . Only around one - in - ten ( 9 % ) say European allies should decrease their defense spending . Germans are more divided . Around four - in - ten favor increasing their own defense budget ( 40 % ) or keeping it the same ( 41 % ) , while 15 % support a decrease .
Among Republicans , trust in the federal government has increased since the end of Barack Obama ’s presidency . A within - administration moving average places the average share of Republicans who trusted the federal government just about always or most of the time at 11 % shortly before the 2016 presidential election . The average share of Republicans expressing trust in the federal government increased to 25 % in April 2017 and currently stands at 28 % .
approximately 34 million American Internet users have heard of VoIP and 4 million have given thought to using Voice over Internet Protocol service for home telephone service . The survey also found that 11 % of Internet users , or about 14 million Americans , have at one time made a phone call over the Internet . This figure includes people who may have used VoIP at work or perhaps have downloaded free software that permits phone calls between Internet - connected computers .
Only around two - in - ten ( 19 % ) have a favorable opinion of the U.S. , with nearly three - quarters ( 73 % ) expressing a negative view of their NATO ally .
Just 39 % in Greece expressed positive views of the U.S. , among the lowest measured in the spring 39 - nation survey . Only publics in Turkey , the Palestinian territories , Egypt , Jordan , and Pakistan thought worse of America . This negative impression of the U.S. coincides with less than stellar views of President Obama . Only about a third of Greeks ( 35 % ) have confidence in the American president to handle international affairs , with 62 % expressing little or no confidence .
About one - third ( 36 % ) of mothers say a woman who wants to reach this type of position is better off waiting to have children , compared with 26 % of those without children under 18 .
22 % of Americans have heard something about this issue , with just 6 % indicating that they have heard “ a lot ” about it . Even users of home - sharing services themselves are not following this issue particularly closely : Just 19 % of home - sharing users have heard “ a lot ” about it , while 37 % have heard “ a little . ”
Some 64 % of Republicans ( including Republican - leaning independents ) say major technology companies support the views of liberals over conservatives , and just 28 % say these companies support the views of liberals and conservatives equally . By contrast , 28 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say these companies support liberal views over conservative ones , and 53 % say both groups ’ views are supported equally . Just 16 % of Democrats say the companies support the views of conservatives over liberals .
Among Cubans , 38 % say the impact of unauthorized immigration is positive , but 28 % say the impact is negative and 27 % say there is no impact one way or the other . Among Puerto Ricans , roughly equal shares say the impact of unauthorized immigration on U.S. Hispanics is positive ( 34 % ) , negative ( 29 % ) or has no effect ( 29 % ) .
Currently , 49 % of Americans say it is more important to protect the right of Americans to own guns , while 46 % say it is more important to control gun ownership .
Middle - income households in Luxembourg lived on $ 71,799 annually in 2010 , at the median , followed by $ 60,884 in the U.S. The middle class in Italy lived on a median income of $ 35,608 , the most modest means among the countries analyzed . But lower - income Americans are at the middle of the pack in terms of earnings , lagging behind or barely matching lower - income adults in Luxembourg , Norway , the Netherlands and Denmark .
Twitterers are less likely to read a printed copy of a newspaper , but more likely to read a newspaper online , and more likely to read a news story on a cell phone or on a smart phone . A similar pattern holds for video news consumption ; on any given day , Twitter users are just as likely as others to watch news on a TV , and just as likely to watch video news on a computer , but more likely to watch a news video on a cell phone or on a smart phone .
The press receives lower ratings for its coverage of Iraq from those who were following that story closely – 13 % rate the coverage excellent , 37 % say it ’s been good .
Nearly six - in - ten Republican and Republican - leaning voters ( 59 % ) say they have an excellent or good impression of their party ’s hopefuls , according to a September survey . In August 2011 , half ( 49 % ) of Republican voters viewed the GOP presidential field positively ; in October 2007 , it was similar ( 50 % ) .
Overall , 78 % of Americans have heard at least a little about Michelle Obama . Three - in - ten say they have heard a lot about Mrs. Obama , up from 21 % just three weeks ago . By contrast , just 54 % have heard at least a little about Cindy McCain , including only 9 % who have heard a lot about her .
Population growth among U.S. Hispanics has slowed since the start of the decade . From 2015 to 2019 , the nation ’s Hispanic population grew by an average of 1.9 % per year – similar to the 2.1 % annual growth between 2010 and 2015 , but down from annual growth of more than 3 % in earlier years .
Overall , the public holds more positive than negative views about the impact of Trump ’s economic policies . While 44 % say that the president ’s economic policies have made economic conditions better , 29 % say they have made the economy worse ; 26 % say Trump ’s policies have not had much of an effect .
About half of post-9/11 veterans say readjusting to civilian life was difficult . While about three - quarters of all veterans ( 73 % ) say readjusting to civilian life was very or somewhat easy , roughly one - in - four ( 26 % ) say it was at least somewhat difficult .
The public ’s views of news about the overall economy have improved since last month : 60 % say they are hearing mixed news , while 33 % say the news is mostly bad and 5 % say the economic news is mostly good .
25 % say they are paying very close attention to the growing violence and political instability in Iraq . By comparison , 28 % of Americans surveyed June 26 - 29 say they followed news about problems with care at veterans ’ hospitals very closely and 21 % paid very close attention to news about the IRS losing employee emails .
President Bush ’s job approval rating reached its 2004 peak , at 58 % , in early January following the capture of Saddam Hussein . Since February , Bush ’s ratings have fluctuated between 43 % and 48 % . Bush ’s current standing ( 48 % approve , 43 % disapprove ) is somewhat higher than the 43 % rating he received in early April , after the eruption of violence in and around Fallujah , and his 44 % mark in May , following revelations of prisoner abuse by U.S. troops at Abu Ghraib .
Most say he is arrogant , intolerant and dangerous , while few think of him as well - qualified or as someone who cares about ordinary people . Describing Trump as charismatic is more common , although global publics on balance do not think of him as charismatic either . They do , however , see Trump as a strong leader – a median of 55 % across the nations polled describe him this way .
Millennials seemed ascendant in the 2008 election when 50 % of eligible Millennials voted . By comparison , 61 % of the Generation X electorate reported voting that year , as did even higher percentages of Boomer and Silent Generation eligible voters . In 2008 Millennials comprised 18 % of the electorate , but as a result of their relatively low turnout ( compared with older generations ) they made up only 14 % of Americans who said they voted .
Views among Republicans are much chillier : 43 % give cold ratings to college professors , including about a quarter ( 27 % ) who give a very cold rating . A significantly smaller share of Republicans ( 30 % ) give professors a warm rating , while 25 % take a neutral view . Conservative Republicans are especially likely to give very ( 31 % ) or somewhat ( 20 % ) cold ratings to professors . By contrast , moderate and liberal Republicans hold quite different views : More offer warm ( 49 % ) than cold ( 20 % ) assessments of professors .
majorities of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 89 % ) and Republicans and Republican leaners ( 83 % ) say it is important to increase the number of judges handling asylum cases . However , a larger share of Democrats ( 58 % ) than Republicans ( 45 % ) rate this as very important . On other dimensions as well , there are pronounced partisan differences in the intensity of sentiment . For example , majorities in each party say it is at least somewhat important that asylum seekers are provided safe and sanitary conditions once they arrive in the U.S. ( 91 % of Democrats , 73 % of Republicans ) .
Americans with lower incomes are especially likely to express concern about broadband and cellphone bills . Roughly half of lower - income broadband users ( 52 % ) say they worry a lot or some about being able to pay for their high - speed internet connection over the coming months , compared with 26 % of those with incomes in the middle and just 9 % of those in the high - income tier . Among smartphone owners , 54 % of those who have lower incomes say they worry at least some about paying their cellphone bills , compared with 25 % of those who are middle income and just 9 % of upper - income users .
Reagan is the top choice among Boomers ( ages 54 to 72 ) and Silents ( ages 73 to 90 ) ; about four - in - ten in the two older generations name Reagan ( 42 % of Boomers , 38 % of Silents ) . But within both generations , there are a range of opinions , with Obama , Kennedy , Clinton and Trump all receiving mentions from 15 % or more Boomers and Silents .
Currently 66 % support a federal gun database and 54 % support an assault weapons ban .
The decline of deaths in Democratic districts has outpaced the national average , decreasing from an average of more than seven new deaths per day in mid - April to about four new deaths per day in the second half of May. During this same period , the number of new deaths in districts controlled by Republicans has remained relatively steady ( an average of just under two deaths per day in GOP districts ) .
The share of voters younger than 30 who are following campaign news very closely is roughly half Young voters are significantly less engaged in this year ’s election than at a comparable point in 2008 and now lag far behind older voters in interest in the campaign and intention to vote . The share of voters younger than 30 who are following campaign news very closely is roughly half what it was at this point four years ago ( 18 % , down from 35 % ) . Just 63 % of young registered voters say they definitely plan to vote this year , down from 72 % four years ago .
An overwhelming share of Americans ( 85 % ) see U.S. military bases in Germany as important for U.S. national security , but fewer Germans ( 52 % ) see these bases as important for their own national security . More than half of Americans ( 56 % ) see these bases as very important to U.S. national security , and only 13 % of Americans claim these bases are not important . Among Germans , 52 % say these American troops are vital for German national security , although only 15 % claim they are very important .
Most Americans support a way for unauthorized immigrants to gain legal status if they meet certain requirements . Seven - in - ten Americans support a way for undocumented immigrants to gain legal status if certain requirements are met . Most of those who support legal status think there should be a way for unauthorized immigrants to become citizens ( 43 % overall ) , while 24 % say the path should only include permanent residency .
Six - in - ten Americans say it is the federal government ’s responsibility to make sure all Americans have health care coverage , including 31 % who support a “ single payer ” approach to health insurance , according to a new national survey by Pew Research Center .
In 1980 , only 13 % of married women earned more than or about as much as their husbands . By 2000 , the share had risen to 25 % . Today , 31 % of women who are married or cohabiting are contributing at least half of the couple ’s total earnings ( including 28 % who earn more than their husband or partner and 3 % who earn about the same amount ) . In 69 % of married or cohabiting couples , the man earns more than the woman , though this is down from 87 % of married couples in 1980 .
For public library users , those with smartphones only are somewhat more likely than those with home broadband , by a 34 % to 30 % margin , to use a library ’s Wi - Fi , computers or internet connections to get online . Similarly , for those who engage in personal learning activities , the smartphone - only are more likely to do this at a high school , college or community college than those with broadband at home ( by a 40 % to 24 % margin ) .
Currently , 63 % of Republicans and 53 % of Democrats say they are anticipating the midterm elections ; a similar gap was evident four years ago ( 60 % of Republicans vs. 48 % of Democrats ) .
The life goals of Latinos overlap with some of these ingredients of the American dream . The two goals rated most highly by Latinos were being a good parent ( 51 % ) and having the resources to provide for their family ( 49 % ) . Owning a home – often seen as a key part of the American dream – was cited by 33 % of Hispanics as an extremely important life goal for them . Other top goals for Hispanics included having a successful marriage ( 30 % ) and being successful in a high - paying career or profession ( 22 % ) .
Since at least 2012 , Americans have been more likely to say there are strong conflicts between Democrats and Republicans than exist between other groups in U.S. society , such as rich and poor people , young and older people , and black and white people . About nine - in - ten Americans ( 91 % ) say that conflicts between the party coalitions are either strong or very strong , according to a Pew Research Center survey in January . About seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) say these conflicts are very strong .
Around two - thirds of police officers ( 68 % ) said in 2016 that the demonstrations over the deaths of black people during encounters with law enforcement were motivated to a great extent by anti - police bias ; only 10 % said ( in a separate question ) that protesters were primarily motivated by a genuine desire to hold police accountable for their actions .
One of the largest gender gaps was on the ability to work out compromises : 41 % of women compared with 27 % of men said women are better at this .
Latinos are nearly twice as likely as the general public ( 42 % versus 24 % ) to say the priority should be a path to citizenship for immigrants who are in the U.S. illegally . About as many Latinos as the general public ( 46 % versus 43 % ) say equal priority should be given to enforcement and legalization . Just 10 % of Latinos say priority should be given to better border security and enforcement , compared with 29 % of the general public .
Majorities in every country surveyed say they disapprove of how the EU is handling refugees , including a staggering 94 % of Greeks and 88 % of Swedes .
Americans tend to prioritize individual liberty , while Europeans tend to value the role of the state to ensure no one in society is in need . Nearly six - in - ten in the U.S. ( 58 % ) believe allowing everyone to pursue their life ’s goals without interference from the state is more important . Majorities in all European nations polled in 2011 said guaranteeing that nobody is in need is more important .
Majorities in most of the Muslim publics surveyed express concerns about Islamic extremism in their country . Senegalese Muslims are the most worried ( 75 % concerned ) , but at least six - in - ten Muslims in Lebanon , Tunisia , Malaysia , Nigeria , Pakistan , Egypt and the Palestinian territories are also concerned . More Jordanian Muslims ( 54 % ) see Islamic extremism as a threat than do not ( 45 % ) .
The survey also finds widespread concern about rising prices : 85 % say this is a major problem in the country . And at least two - thirds also say a lack of employment opportunities and the gap between the rich and the poor are very big problems . In addition to economic concerns , large majorities also describe crime ( 83 % ) , health care ( 83 % ) , political corruption ( 78 % ) and poor quality schools ( 64 % ) as major problems .
about half ( 51 % ) of Americans said they had favorable opinions of labor unions , versus 42 % who said they had unfavorable opinions about them .
CNN , ABC , NBC , CBS and Fox News are all trusted by more than four - in - ten web - using U.S. adults . These high numbers , though , are intertwined with the fact that more than nine - in - ten respondents have heard of these five news sources .
About 75 % of college - educated 25- to 35 - year - olds ( 75 % for men and 74 % for women ) had worked for their employer at least 13 months in 2016 .
Sixty - four percent of Pakistanis have a favorable opinion of the Prime Minister , unchanged from the 66 % who expressed this view in a survey conducted weeks before his election victory last year . About a third ( 32 % ) give Sharif an unfavorable rating .
Events in Iraq were by far the most closely followed news story of the week . One - in - four Americans ( 24 % ) said this was the story they followed more closely than any other , greater than twice the number citing any other story listed .
More than two - thirds of special immigrant visas have gone to Afghans ( 48,601 ) since fiscal 2007 – the first year visas were awarded under the programs – while Iraqis have received 21,961 such visas .
Currently , 58 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents say colleges and universities have a negative effect on the way things are going in the country , while just 36 % say their effect is positive , according to a survey conducted last month by Pew Research Center . Just two years ago , attitudes were the reverse : a 54 % majority of Republicans and Republican leaners said colleges were having a positive effect , while 37 % said their effect was negative .
Fewer members of Congress have prior military experience than in the past . As the share of Americans who are veterans has declined , so has the share of Congress members who have previously served in the military . In the current Congress , 20 % of senators and 19 % of representatives had prior military service , down drastically from just a few decades ago . The share of senators who are veterans reached a post - Korean War peak of 81 % in 1975 , while the share among House members peaked in 1967 at 75 % .
About half of Indians who own a cell phone use them to send text messages , but only 37 % use the devices to take pictures or video . Even smaller shares of mobile phone owners use the devices to access a social networking site ( 9 % ) or to get political news and information ( 8 % ) .
The U.S. Hispanic population reached 60.6 million in 2019 , up from 50.7 million in 2010 .
Nearly three - quarters ( 73 % ) of Americans say they approve of the U.S. re - establishing diplomatic relations with Cuba , up 10 points since January . A similar majority ( 72 % ) favors the U.S. ending its trade embargo against Cuba , “ which would allow U.S. companies to do business in Cuba and Cuban companies to do business in the U.S.
Core GOP groups , especially Republicans ( 60 % ) and Bush voters ( 59 % ) said they would gain influence ; by contrast , 47 % of Gore voters and nearly as many Democrats ( 44 % ) said they would lose influence .
Currently , 41 % say they get most of their news about national and international news from the internet , which is little changed over the past two years but up 17 points since 2007 . Television remains the most widely used source for national and international news – 66 % of Americans say it is their main source of news – but that is down from 74 % three years ago and 82 % as recently as 2002 .
Not all Indian Americans are Hindu . Only about half ( 51 % ) of Indian Americans are Hindu , though nearly all Asian - American Hindus ( 93 % ) trace their heritage to India , according to our 2012 survey . 18 % of Indian Americans identified themselves as Christians ( as both Haley and Jindal do ) ; 10 % said they were Muslim .
Puerto Rico ’s population declined by 7 % from 2010 to 2015 , compared with a 2 % loss from 2000 to 2010 . Population growth was once the norm in Puerto Rico . The island ’s population grew by 10 % from 1980 to 1990 , and by 8 % from 1990 to 2000 .
Turks are generally dissatisfied with the state of their country . Just over half ( 54 % ) are dissatisfied with the way things are going in Turkey , while 44 % are satisfied .
About a quarter ( 27 % ) say news about the condition of the U.S. economy was their top story , while just 7 % cite the Occupy Wall Street protests as their top story .
Independents who do not lean to a party are most likely to have an unfavorable opinion of both parties ( 37 % ) . Another 22 % have favorable opinions of both parties .
The number of assaults against Muslims in the United States rose significantly between 2015 and 2016 , easily surpassing the modern peak reached in 2001 , the year of the September 11 terrorist attacks , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of new hate crimes statistics from the FBI . In 2016 , there were 127 reported victims of aggravated or simple assault , compared with 91 the year before and 93 in 2001 .
About half ( 48 % ) of working dads say they spend too little time with their kids , compared with just 26 % of working moms . Most working moms ( 66 % ) say they spend the right amount of time with their kids .
American Christians are more likely than their Western European counterparts to think of themselves first in terms of their religion rather than their nationality ; 46 % of Christians in the U.S. see themselves primarily as Christians and the same number consider themselves Americans first . In contrast , majorities of Christians in France ( 90 % ) , Germany ( 70 % ) , Britain ( 63 % ) and Spain ( 53 % ) identify primarily with their nationality rather than their religion .
the same Opinion about expanding the use of nuclear power has fluctuated in recent years . However , the current measure matches a previous low in support for increased nuclear power recorded in September 2005 ( 39 % favor , 53 % oppose ) .
About half of adults ( 48 % ) say having an open relationship is never acceptable , 20 % say it ’s rarely acceptable and 32 % say it ’s sometimes or always acceptable .
American women earn 85 cents on the dollar compared with men , but that gap is narrower among younger workers . In 2018 , among workers ages 25 to 34 , women ’s earnings were 89 % those of men , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of median hourly wages that includes full- and part - time workers .
Six - in - ten or more whites ( 64 % ) and Hispanics ( 60 % ) say they favor allowing same - sex couples to be married legally . In 2007 , just 38 % of whites and 37 % of Hispanics supported same - sex marriage .
By 57 % to 34 % , Republicans younger than 50 support a policy to grant permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children . By contrast , Republicans ages 50 and older are evenly divided ( 45 % favor , 45 % oppose ) . There is a similar divide by ideology : Most moderate and liberal Republicans ( 58 % ) support this immigration proposal , while conservative Republicans are split ( 46 % favor , 44 % oppose ) .
Fully 68 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents think there has been too much media coverage of demonstrations , while 18 % think the amount of coverage has been about right and 11 % say there has been too little coverage . By contrast , 43 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners think there has been the right amount of coverage , 29 % think there has been too little and 26 % say there has been too much media coverage of demonstrations these days .
roughly eight - in - ten Nigerian Muslims ( 83 % ) say they have an unfavorable opinion of the extremist movement . Even more Nigerian Christians ( 92 % ) say the same .
Since December 2012 , Obama has lost the most ground among independents : Currently , only 32 % of independents approve of his job performance while 61 % disapprove . In December , 53 % approved and 39 % disapproved . Obama ’s current rating among independents is only slightly higher than Bush ’s in November 2005 ( 29 % approved ) . Like Bush , Obama retains broad support among members of his own party , though the share of Democrats who give him a positive jobs rating has fallen 10 points over the past year ( from 88 % to 78 % ) .
Fully 87 % say that strengthening the economy should be a top priority for the president and Congress and 84 % rate improving the job situation as a top priority , by far the highest percentages among 22 issues tested .
New York stands out for the racial and ethnic diversity of its immigrant eligible voters . Asians ( 26 % ) , Latinos ( 25 % ) and whites ( 25 % ) make up similar shares of the state ’s immigrant eligible voters , while black immigrants ( 21 % ) are a slightly lower share .
Favorable views of The British want to stay in the EU . The United Kingdom intends to hold a referendum on continued membership in the European Union no later than the end of 2017 . While a topic of heated debate in British political and policy circles , the British public ’s enthusiasm for leaving the EU has been declining since 2013 . That year , the British were evenly split on the issue , with 46 % wanting to stay and 46 % to leave . In this year ’s Pew Research survey , 55 % of Brits say they want to remain in the EU , while just 36 % voice the desire to go .
Perceptions of both parties remain little changed from April . Currently , four - in - ten have a favorable view of the Republican Party , while 54 % express an unfavorable one . A comparable share of the public rates the Democratic Party favorably ( 44 % ) , while half have an unfavorable opinion .
About nine - in - ten Americans ( 88 % ) cited love as a very important reason to get married , ahead of making a lifelong commitment ( 81 % ) and companionship ( 76 % ) , according to a 2013 Pew Research Center survey . Fewer said having their relationship recognized in a religious ceremony ( 30 % ) , financial stability ( 28 % ) or legal rights and benefits ( 23 % ) were very important reasons to marry .
Hispanic self - identification varies across immigrant generations . Among the foreign born from Latin America , nearly all self - identify as Hispanic . But by the fourth generation , only half of people with Hispanic heritage in the U.S. self - identify as Hispanic .
Seventh - day Adventists make up one - half of 1 % of the U.S. adult population ( 0.5 % ) , little changed from 2007 ( 0.4 % ) . That stability stands in contrast to U.S. Christians overall , whose share of the population has dropped by nearly 8 percentage points ( from 78.4 % to 70.6 % ) over that same period .
More than half of the public ( 52 % ) paid very close attention to news about gas prices , and 27 % said this was the single news story they followed more closely than any other . By comparison , 33 % followed the situation in Iraq very closely , and 23 % listed Iraq as their top news story of the week .
Today , 58 % of Americans say this , up from 49 % last fall . Currently , four - in - ten Americans say the government today ca n’t afford to do much more to help the needy , down from 48 % in September .
The Latin America and Caribbean region is expected to have the oldest population of any world region by 2100 , a reversal from the 20th century . In 1950 , the region ’s median age was just 20 years . That figure is projected to more than double to 49 years by 2100 .
Seven - in - ten Americans ( 70 % ) believe that genetically engineering mosquitoes to prevent their reproduction and therefore the spread of some mosquito - borne diseases would be an appropriate use of technology , while about three - in - ten ( 29 % ) see the use of genetic engineering for this purpose as taking technology too far .
The surveys show that fewer than one - in - four ( 23 % ) Latino immigrants reports being able to speak English very well . However , fully 88 % of their U.S.-born adult children report that they speak English very well . Among later generations of Hispanic adults , the figure rises to 94 % .
Only about one - third of Americans ages 18 to 29 ( 35 % ) are following news about the 2020 presidential candidates very or fairly closely
Nearly a quarter ( 23 % ) of those who say gun rights should be the priority have contributed money to an organization that takes a position on gun policy , compared with just 5 % of those who prioritize gun control . People who favor gun rights are also about twice as likely as gun control supporters to have contacted a public official about gun policy ( 15 % vs. 8 % ) . By contrast , comparable percentages of gun rights supporters ( 19 % ) and those who prioritize gun control ( 15 % ) say they have expressed their opinion about gun policy on social networks .
Most Americans also have at least a fair amount of confidence in medical scientists and scientists to act in the best interest of the public . Some 84 % of U.S. adults express confidence in medical scientists ; 24 % say they have a great deal of confidence and six - in - ten ( 60 % ) have a fair amount of confidence in medical scientists to act in the public ’s best interests .
Since 2004 , a total of 7.4 million people who adjusted their status and 5.5 million new arrivals have received lawful permanent residency in the form of a green card . The size of the difference between the two groups has diminished , though , because the number of visas granted to immigrants already in the U.S. has declined in the past decade while the number granted to new arrivals have risen slightly . In the first two quarters of fiscal 2017 , from Oct. 1 to March 30 , new arrivals ( 289,603 ) slightly outnumbered those who adjusted their status ( 270,547 ) .
Overall , four - in - ten ( 39 % ) respondents say that U.S. Latinos of different origins share “ a lot ” of values , while another 39 % say U.S. Latinos share “ some ” values and an additional 19 % say that they share few or no values .
About six - in - ten ( 61 % ) Republican and GOP - leaning registered voters think their party will do better than in recent elections — roughly double the share of Democrats ( 32 % ) who feel similarly about their party ’s chances . This gap has not reached the same levels of the GOP ’s margin before their large 2010 gains or the Democrats ’ expectations in their 2006 sweep of both houses of Congress . Last December , the expectations gap was narrower ; 55 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning registered voters said the party would do better than recent elections , compared with 43 % of Democrats .
In the U.S. , the multiracial population is more evenly spread among biracial white and black ( 22 % ) , white and Asian ( 18 % ) and white and American Indian ( 16 % ) .
Roughly half ( 51 % ) of Instagram users access the platform on a daily basis , with 35 % saying they do so several times a day . And 42 % of Twitter users indicate that they are daily visitors , with 23 % saying they visit more than once a day .
Far more conservative and moderate Democrats say a friend voting for Trump would not have any effect ( 73 % ) than say it would put a strain on the friendship ( 25 % ) .
Obama ’s job approval rating stands at 44 % while Bush ’s was 35 % at the same point in the 2006 midterm year , according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted April 23 - 27 . But Obama can look with some envy at where his Democratic predecessor — Bill Clinton — stood in his sixth year . Clinton ’s approval rating was a solid 62 % .
Many Russians see inherent conflict in their relationship with the West , but few rule out cooperation . According to a recently released Pew Research Center report based on 2015 survey data , overwhelming majorities in Russia believe that their country serves as an important counterbalance to the West ( 85 % ) and that Russian values clash with Western values ( 73 % ) .
In Latin America and the Caribbean , the median age is 31 , almost identical to the global median . About a quarter of Latin Americans ( 24 % ) are below the age of 15 , and 13 % are 60 or older .
Fully 58 % of the public believes that Japan will become a stronger nation as a result of the twin disasters , while about a third ( 32 % ) think the March calamities will weaken the country .
Nearly nine - in - ten ( 88 % ) Russians have confidence in Putin to handle international affairs , including 66 % who have a lot of confidence .
In the days after the school shooting in Newtown , Conn. last December , more prioritized gun control than gun rights ( 49 % vs. 42 % ) , the first time this had occurred since Barack Obama became president . Roughly five months later , the public is again evenly divided over whether in general it is more important to control gun ownership ( 50 % ) or to protect the rights of Americans to own guns ( 48 % ) .
A majority of Americans ( 54 % ) disapprove of the U.S. government ’s collection of telephone and internet data as part of anti - terrorism efforts , while 42 % approve of the program . Democrats are divided on the program , while Republicans and independents are more likely to disapprove than approve , according to a survey we conducted in spring 2014 .
Six - in - ten voters ( 61 % ) say it is very likely they will watch the debates between Bush and Kerry , which is significantly higher than debate interest in the last two elections .
Public views of allowing increased offshore oil and gas drilling shifted noticeably last year in response to the Gulf oil leak . Since last summer , they have shifted again . Currently , 57 % favor allowing more oil and gas drilling in U.S. waters , up 13 points since last June ( 44 % ) . Nonetheless , support for expanded offshore drilling remains lower than in February 2010 ( 63 % ) .
While at least 13 % of voting members in Congress are immigrants or children of immigrants , relatively few of these are foreign born : 13 in the House , and just one – Sen. Mazie Hirono , D - Hawaii – in the Senate .
Currently , 45 % of independents approve of Obama ’s job performance while 44 % disapprove . Last month , just 37 % approved and 56 % disapproved .
Unauthorized immigrants ( 14 % ) and legal immigrants ( 15 % ) accounted for similar shares of agriculture workers .
In 2014 , just 28 % of Millennials were married . This makes them remarkably different than members of the Silent Generation at the same stage in their lives : fully 64 % of Silents were married when members of their generation were between the ages of 18 and 33 . About half ( 49 % ) of Baby Boomers and 38 % of Gen Xers were married when their generation was ages 18 to 33 .
Most ( 79 % ) agree that the term “ patriotic ” describes the typical American very or fairly well , and majorities also view the typical American as “ honest ” ( 69 % ) and “ intelligent ” ( 67 % ) .
Roughly seven - in - ten adults say that healthy eating habits ( 72 % ) and getting enough physical exercise ( 71 % ) are very important for improving a person ’s chances of living a long and healthy life .
Death penalty supporters overwhelmingly view it as morally justified : 90 % say that when someone commits a crime like murder , the death penalty is morally justified . Just 26 % of death penalty opponents view it as morally justified .
Among adults ages 25 to 64 , women are now more likely than men to have a four - year college degree . In 2017 , 38 % of these women and 33 % of men had a bachelor ’s degree .
blacks are overwhelmingly positive of his job performance : Currently , 91 % approve of his handling of his job as president . Similarly , the president garners positive ratings among Hispanics . Today , 65 % of Hispanics approve of his job performance . However , whites continue to be more likely to disapprove ( 56 % ) than approve ( 38 % ) of the president ’s performance , as they have been throughout most of his presidency .
While 48 % of 18- to 29 - year - olds say they have ever used a dating site or app , that share is 38 % among 30- to 49 - year - olds , and it is even smaller among those ages 50 and older . Still , online dating is not completely foreign to those in their 50s or early 60s : 19 % of adults ages 50 to 64 say they have used a dating site or app .
Two in five ( 41 % ) of broadband users get news on the Internet on a typical day compared with 35 % of experienced dial - up users who want broadband .
Fully 82 % of Democrats say the federal government does not provide enough help for poor people , compared with just 36 % of Republicans . About as many Republicans say the government does too much for the poor ( 33 % ) as say it does too little ; 27 % say the help the government provides is about right .
Among Five Star supporters , 49 % say immigrants are an economic burden , compared with 40 % who say they make the economy stronger . And while a majority of Five Star backers ( 55 % ) say immigrants increase the risk of terrorism in their country , a sizable percentage ( 42 % ) say immigrants do not increase terror risks .
Just 22 % of Canadians and 5 % of Mexicans have at least some confidence in the U.S. president , down from more than eight - in - ten Canadians ( 83 % ) in 2016 and half of Mexicans ( 49 % ) in 2015 .
across the 13 lifestyle , health and demographic questions with high response rate comparisons , the average difference between the Hispanic adult estimate from Pew Research Center phone surveys and the same Hispanic estimate from the benchmark survey was 5.5 percentage points in 2016 as compared with 6.7 in 2012 . The average change in accuracy from 2012 to 2016 was similar for non - Hispanic white . For blacks , however , their phone survey estimates differed from benchmark survey estimates by an average of 5.1 percentage points in 2016 versus 4.2 points in 2012 .
Americans have a favorable opinion of NASA . In a January 2015 survey , 68 % of Americans expressed a favorable view of NASA , similar to that of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention among the eight federal agencies we asked about . ( Seven - in - ten had a favorable view of the CDC . ) This was in line with similar favorable ratings for NASA in the past .
by two - to - one ( 60 % to 27 % ) Americans see China ’s economic strength as a greater threat than its military strength . And as Obama goes into talks with the Chinese president , a 53%-majority say it is very important for the U.S. to get tougher with China on trade and economic issues . Yet while Americans may see China as a problem , relatively few describe it as an adversary , and a 58%-majority say it is very important to build a stronger relationship between the U.S. and China .
About half ( 52 % ) of Republicans ages 18 to 29 say colleges and universities have a positive impact on the country , compared with just 27 % of those 65 and older .
about four - in - ten Salvadorans ( 42 % ) identify themselves as Catholic . Some 37 % of Salvadorans are Protestant , and among all Salvadorans , only 5 % are mainline Protestants and 32 % are evangelical Protestants . Some 15 % of Salvadoran adults are religiously unaffiliated . In contrast , among all Hispanics , 55 % identify as Catholic , 22 % identify as Protestant , and about two - in - ten ( 18 % ) are unaffiliated .
38 % of registered voters said they think of themselves as Democrats , 25 % as Republicans , and 33 % as independents ( to clarify , some reporters and bloggers incorrectly posted their own calculations of party identification based on unweighted figures ) .
In U.S. households consisting of married or cohabiting parents and one or more children under the age of 18 , 80 % of mothers say they are the household member who usually prepares the meals – the same as the share who say they are the primary grocery shopper , according to a Pew Research Center analysis . Some 71 % of moms say they primarily handle both chores . This compares with about two - in - ten fathers in this type of household who say they are the person who usually prepares the meals ( 19 % ) or grocery shops ( 20 % ) .
While many publics around the world continue to believe the U.S. acts unilaterally in world affairs , Indians see a more multilateral America . More than eight - in - ten ( 83 % ) say the U.S. takes the interests of countries like India into account when it makes foreign policy decisions – the highest percentage among the 21 nations surveyed outside the U.S. This view has become increasingly common among Indians over the last eight years – in 2002 , only 51 % said the U.S. considered their interests .
There is strong resistance to any cuts in entitlement programs in order to reduce the deficit , with 58 % of Americans saying that to maintaining benefits as they are trumps deficit reduction , ( 35 % favor taking steps to reduce the deficit ) .
while only 16 % of U.S. adults say they ’ve ever given money to an organization that takes a position on gun policy , gun owners are again more likely than non - gun owners to say they have done so . Among gun owners , 28 % say they have ever given money to an organization like this , including 12 % of who have done so in the past year . The same is true for just 10 % of non - owners , including 6 % who have done so in the past year .
Large majorities of U.S. Catholics have admired Pope Francis throughout his tenure , but there are growing signs of discontent . In 2014 , 54 % of American Catholics gave Francis “ excellent ” or “ good ” marks for his handling of the church ’s sex abuse scandal . But in a Pew Research Center poll conducted in September 2018 – shortly after recent reports about sex scandals in the U.S. Catholic Church – the share of Catholics saying this had fallen 23 points , to 31 % .
Two - thirds of Americans ( 66 % ) say they followed the health care debate more closely than any other major news story last week .
The Syrian civil war , now in its seventh year , pits many of the region ’s key players against each other . Few are optimistic that the war will end within the next year , though many believe it will not last beyond the next five years . Views are most optimistic in Jordan . Fully 80 % expect the war in Syria to end sometime in the next five years , including 32 % who think it will end within the year .
Among the top five nations with which the U.S. runs a trade deficit , Germany has a $ 912 per capita trade advantage with the U.S. ( total deficit divided by Germany ’s total population ) , compared with China ’s $ 266 per capita imbalance .
Ten years ago today, a little website called thefacebook.com was launched. Initially restricted to Harvard undergraduates, the site had 1 million users by the end of 2004. Today, Facebook (“the” was dropped in 2005) has more than 1.2 billion “monthly active users” around the world.
drop - off voters were less likely than consistent voters to say that it made a lot of difference to them which party controlled the government ; just 39 % of drop - off voters said it mattered a lot whether Democrats or Republicans controlled the government , compared with 52 % of consistent voters .
In Sweden , just 8 % of those surveyed scored higher than 5 , the lowest amount in any country , while in Italy , 38 % did , the highest share in any country . In most countries , the share scoring 5.01 or higher was between 15 % and 25 % . For example , in both Norway and France , 19 % of respondents scored 5.01 or higher .
35 % of national political tweeters say they have contacted an elected official within the last year , compared with 14 % of nonpolitical tweeters and 21 % of infrequent tweeters .
Optimism about the national economy , which sagged in 2011 , has rebounded in the first two months of this year . Currently , 44 % say they expect economic conditions to be better a year from now , up from 34 % last month and 28 % in December . Second , economic optimism has proven fragile in the past . From October 2008 through April 2010 , 40 % or more said they expected economic conditions to get better in the next year . But by last summer , the percentage expecting things to improve had fallen to around 30 % .
three - quarters say that having U.S. military personnel based in the Philippines is a good thing for the country , while just 20 % say it is a bad thing .
Overall , 41 % say they have quite a lot of confidence in the future of the U.S. , while another 30 % say they have some confidence . About three - in - ten ( 28 % ) say they have very little or no confidence at all in the future of the U.S.
Currently , 65 % say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy , while 30 % say they are hearing mostly bad news and just 4 % say they are hearing mostly good news .
Over the past two decades , the share of students graduating from public high schools who are white and non - Hispanic has declined dramatically – from 73 % in 1995 to 57 % in 2012 , according to the most recent data available . In that time period the shares that are Hispanic and Asian have grown . WICHE projects that this trend will continue , with the public high school graduating class of 2025 being barely majority white ( 51 % ) .
Views among Democrats have moved in the opposite direction . Nearly half ( 49 % ) think the U.S. plays a less important leadership role today than it did 10 years ago , up from 29 % who said this in 2016 . Three - in - ten Democrats say the U.S. global leadership role is about as important as it was 10 years ago and 19 % think it is more important ; both shares are somewhat lower than they were in 2016 .
The proportion of all legal foreign - born residents who have become naturalized U.S. citizens rose to 52 % in 2005 , the highest level in a quarter of a century and a 15 percentage point increase since 1990 , according to an analysis by the Pew Hispanic Center . By 2005 ( the last year for which figures are available ) , naturalized citizens accounted for slightly more than one - in - two ( 52 % ) legal foreign - born residents . Among all 36 million foreign - born residents in 2005 , naturalized citizens made up a slim plurality ( 35 % ) over legal non - citizens ( 33 % ) and unauthorized migrants ( 31 % ) .
Nearly two - in - ten ( 18 % ) say they followed news about President Obama ’s trip to Asia very closely ; 7 % say this was the news they followed most closely . In early April 2009 , shortly after Obama took office , 25 % said they very closely followed news about his first European trip and meetings with world leaders ; 22 % said the trip was the news they followed most closely that week . Just 13 % say they very closely followed news last week about the publication of George W. Bush ’s book about his life ; 5 % say this was the news they followed most closely .
In the Senate , the overall pattern of ideology predicting Facebook followers is largely driven by a small number of prominent members in both parties , including Democrat Bernie Sanders of Vermont , Texas Republican Ted Cruz , Massachusetts Democrat Elizabeth Warren , Kentucky Republican Rand Paul , Utah Republican Mike Lee and Minnesota Democrat Al Franken . Sanders , Cruz and Paul all ran for president in 2016 .
Most American Catholics are comfortable with family arrangements that have been traditionally frowned upon by the church . For example , most U.S. Catholics say it is at least “ acceptable ” – and many say it is just “ as good as ” any other arrangement – for children to be raised by unmarried parents , gay or lesbian parents , single parents or divorced parents .
By a wide margin ( 58 % to 36 % ) , Americans approve of the U.S. missile strikes against Syria in response to reports of the use of chemical weapons by Bashar al - Assad ’s government . By a comparable margin ( 61 % to 32 % ) , the public says that Donald Trump does not have a clear plan for dealing with the situation in Syria .
More than seven - in - ten Chinese citizens ( 72 % ) express satisfaction with their national condition , while fewer than one - in - five ( 19 % ) are dissatisfied .
Just 5 % of web - using U.S. adults have a lot of trust in the information they get from social media , nearly identical to the 4 % who said so in 2016 .
Opinions among Republicans and Republican leaners are more divided : 53 % say hard work has more to do with why a person is rich , while 45 % say it is because they have more advantages . In views of why a person is poor , 55 % of Republicans say it is more because they have faced obstacles most others have not , while 42 % say it is more because they have not worked as hard as most others .
Only , in neighboring Canada does a 53%-majority describe Americans as rude . Interestingly , Americans themselves are more likely to assign that negative characteristic to their fellow countrymen ( 35 % do so ) than are the residents of Great Britain ( 29 % ) , the Netherlands ( 26 % ) and Poland ( 21 % ) . And a scant 12 % of Germans find Americans lacking in politeness .
Roughly half ( 51 % ) of Republican and Republican - leaning registered voters say the candidates are excellent or good , while 44 % say they are only fair or poor .
majorities of U.S. Muslims ( 60 % ) say they have “ a lot ” in common with most Americans , and that they can get ahead through hard work ( 70 % ) – a belief that is a key component of the so - called American dream .
Youth voter turnout rates also declined from 2008 to 2012 , contrary to initial reports based on the national Election Day exit polls , which had shown the youth voter turnout rate holding steady . According to the Census Bureau report , the turnout rate among 18 - to 24 - year olds fell to 41.2 % in 2012 from 48.5 % in 2008 .
The number of federal criminal arrests for immigration offenses surged from 58,031 in fiscal 2017 to 108,667 in fiscal 2018 – an 87 % increase , according to an August report by the Bureau of Justice Statistics ( BJS ) . The 2018 total was considerably higher than in any other fiscal year in two decades . Following the same trajectory , the number of suspects who were criminally prosecuted for immigration offenses rose 66 % between fiscal 2017 and 2018 , from 59,797 to 99,479 – also a two - decade high .
While just one - third of Turks have confidence that President Obama will do the right thing in world affairs , this is a significant increase from 2008 , when only 2 % voiced confidence in then - President Bush . And while most Turks continue to oppose U.S.-led anti - terrorism efforts and most still believe the U.S. could be a military threat to their country some day , these views are less common than they were in the waning years of the Bush administration .
New Zealand had “ low ” levels of social hostilities involving religion in 2016 ( with a Social Hostilities Index score of 0.9 out of 10 ) .
majorities of Republicans ( 51 % ) and white evangelical Protestants ( 52 % ) in the survey say the news media are unfriendly toward religion . And almost half of weekly worship attenders say the media are unfriendly toward religion ( 46 % ) , compared with 29 % among those who attend religious services less often . Republicans , evangelicals , black Protestants and weekly churchgoers also stand out compared with other groups for viewing scientists as unfriendly toward religion .
Today , 38 % of those who support the GOP candidate in their district say their own representative does not deserve reelection ; nearly as many Democrats ( 34 % ) share that view .
One - in - five newsroom employees live in New York , Los Angeles or Washington , D.C. The financial , entertainment and political capitals of the U.S. are home to a disproportionately large share of the nation ’s newsroom employees . About one - in - five newsroom employees ( 22 % ) live in these metro areas , which , by comparison , are home to 13 % of all U.S. workers , according to a Center analysis of Census Bureau data covering the period from 2013 to 2017 .
Boys are more likely than girls to report that they visit Facebook most often ( 45 % of boys vs. 36 % of girls ) . Girls are more likely than boys to say they use Instagram ( 23 % of girls vs. 17 % of boys ) and Tumblr ( 6 % of girls compared with less than 1 % of boys ) .
Some 49 % think it is possible to trim regulations and still protect air and water , while 47 % believe it is not possible to protect those resources with fewer regulations .
Overall , 61 % of Americans say there is too much economic inequality in the country today , but views differ by political party and household income level . Among Republicans and those who lean toward the GOP , 41 % say there is too much inequality in the U.S. , compared with 78 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners
When asked about congressional leaders generally , a third of the public approves of the job Democratic ( 33 % approve ) and Republican leaders ( 31 % ) in Congress are doing .
Americans have little confidence in Chinese President Xi Jinping , but Republicans are especially critical . Overall , around three - quarters of Americans ( 77 % ) have little or no confidence in President Xi to do the right thing in world affairs , including 55 % who have no confidence at all in the Chinese leader .
Muslims are expected to grow faster than Hindus because they have the youngest median age and the highest fertility rates among major religious groups in India . In 2010 , the median age of Indian Muslims was 22 , compared with 26 for Hindus and 28 for Christians . Likewise , Muslim women have an average of 3.2 children per woman , compared with 2.5 for Hindus and 2.3 for Christians . Due to these factors , India ’s Muslim community will expand faster than its Hindu population , rising from 14.4 % in 2010 to 18.4 % in 2050 .
The California wildfires overshadowed all other news stories last week both in terms of public interest and news coverage . Four - in - ten Americans followed news about the fires very closely , making it the fourth most closely followed news story of the year . The only stories that have attracted a larger audience this year were rising gas prices in May , the Virginia Tech shootings in April , and the Minnesota bridge collapse in August . Nearly half of the public ( 46 % ) listed the California fires as the single news story they followed more closely than any other last week .
As unemployment rose from 7.5 % at the start of 1981 to more than 8.6 % by January 1982 , his job disapproval rating rose from 18 % to 40 % over this period . By the end of 1982 , unemployment stood at nearly 11 % and 50 % of the public was telling Gallup that it disapproved of how the president was handling his job . Fortunately for Reagan , 1983 saw unemployment begin to decline . By year ’s end , his approval scores began to recover , setting the stage for his successful run for reelection in 1984 .
More than half of women ( 55 % ) say that 2008 will be a better year than 2007 , while just 28 % expect the coming year to be worse .
the average approximate design effect of the experimental weight using just the cellphone sample was 1.22 , which compares with an average of 1.32 using the actual survey weight based on both the landline and cellphone samples .
About six - in - ten adults who say they play video games often or sometimes report that they typically play these types of games ( 62 % each ) . Adventure , shooter , role - playing , team sport or racing and simulation games are all somewhat less commonly played , with about half of video game players or fewer saying they typically play these types of games .
Across the 10 European states surveyed , a median of 62 % hold a favorable view of the institution . Ratings of the EU are highest in Poland and Spain , where roughly seven - in - ten have favorable views . About six - in - ten see the EU positively in Germany , the Netherlands , Sweden , France , Italy and Hungary . The UK and Greece , however , do not hold such favorable attitudes . In the UK , opinion is roughly split ; 48 % have a favorable opinion of the EU while 45 % have an unfavorable one . And in Greece , only 37 % have a positive opinion of the institution .
About a quarter of social media users – 26 % – say they follow science pages or accounts . These users are more likely to consider social media an important source of their science news and are evenly divided over whether they mostly trust or distrust the science posts they see ( 49 % to 49 % ) .
Views among Hispanics born in the U.S. mirror those of all Americans — about six - in - ten believe that kids are better off if a parent stays home to focus on the family , according to a 2014 Pew Research Center survey . But a far larger majority—85%–of foreign - born Hispanics say that children are better off if a parent is at home .
89 % say fair and open national elections are very important to maintaining a strong democracy , while 83 % say the same about a system of checks and balances dividing power between the president , Congress and the courts . As in past surveys , most also view the right to nonviolent protest ( 79 % ) and protecting the rights of those with unpopular views ( 74 % ) as very important components of a strong democracy . A smaller majority ( 64 % ) says the freedom of news organizations to criticize political leaders is essential to maintain a strong democracy in the U.S.
just 27 % of drop - off voters said they were following the 2016 election very closely , compared with 49 % of consistent voters . And drop - off voters were less likely than consistent voters to say that it made a lot of difference to them which party controlled the government ; just 39 % of drop - off voters said it mattered a lot whether Democrats or Republicans controlled the government , compared with 52 % of consistent voters .
Overall , 15 % of blacks and 18 % of Latinos have used ride - hailing , similar to the 14 % of whites who have done so
Two - thirds of Muslims ( 66 % ) now identify with or lean toward the Democrats , similar to the share who said this in both 2011 ( 70 % ) and 2007 ( 63 % ) .
Four - in - ten Republicans ages 65 or older say fathers should n’t be able to take leave from work following the birth or adoption of a child , compared with 20 % of Republicans ages 50 to 64 , 10 % of those 30 to 49 , and 14 % of those 18 to 29 .
The Census Bureau estimates there are 1.8 million Arab - Americans in the U.S. , up 51 % since 2000 .
About six - in - ten ( 58 % ) say food safety is a very big problem , and 54 % say the same about health care . Roughly four - in - ten or fewer are troubled by people leaving for jobs in other countries ( 38 % ) , traffic ( 33 % ) and electricity shortages ( 31 % ) .
In 2015 , 93 % of whites ages 25 and older had a high school diploma , compared with 88 % of blacks the same age – only a 6 - percentage - point difference , roughly half of what it was in 2000 . The share of blacks ages 25 and older with at least a bachelor ’s degree has also trended upward for several decades . In 2015 , nearly a quarter of blacks ages 25 and older ( 23 % ) had at least a bachelor ’s degree , compared with 36 % of whites and 53 % of Asians .
Some 55 % of working Ph.D. scientists belonging to the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) who we surveyed in 2014 said this was generally a good time for their scientific specialty , while 44 % said it was a bad time . And while nearly half ( 47 % ) said it was a good or very good time to begin a career in their field , 53 % said it was a bad time to start out in their field .
fewer than half of Italians ( 48 % ) rate their life at least a seven . On the other hand , in Sweden ( 72 % ) , Canada ( 71 % ) , Spain ( 66 % ) , and the United States ( 65 % ) , more than six - in - ten respondents place themselves on the top rungs of the ladder .
Fully 75 % of Democrats with college degrees say that the earth is warming and that this is caused by human activity . Just 52 % of Democrats with less education express this view . Among Republicans , similar percentages of college graduates and those with less education say there is solid evidence of global warming ( 46 % and 51 % , respectively ) . Yet for Republicans , unlike Democrats , higher education is associated with greater skepticism that human activity is causing global warming . Only 19 % of Republican college graduates say that there is solid evidence that the earth is warming and it is caused by human activity , while 31 % of Republicans with less education say the same .
Some 16 % of female users ( and 7 % of men ) say that Facebook has become more important to them over the last year , and 16 % of female users ( and 9 % of men ) say that they spend more time on the site now than they did a year ago .
nearly nine - in - ten American adults say they believe in God or a universal spirit . To be sure , the share of people in the United States who say they believe in the Almighty has dropped a bit recently , from 92 % in 2007 ( when the Center ’s first Religious Landscape Study was released ) to 89 % in 2014 . And among the youngest adults surveyed ( born between 1990 and 1996 ) , the share of believers is 80 % .
Hispanics are now expected to number 23.7 million in 2050 , or 47.6 % of all Californians . That pushes the prospect of a Hispanic demographic majority further into the future – perhaps to sometime after 2060 . The 2014 population projections also included an estimate for 2060 that indicates that Hispanics may not reach a majority by that year , when they are expected to number 25.5 million , or 49.3 % of California ’s population .
In 2014 , we similarly found that a country ’s GDP per capita was negatively correlated with the percentage of people who said their day was good .
A majority of U.S. teens ages 13 to 17 ( 57 % ) fear a shooting could happen at their school , and most parents of teens share their concern . Nonwhite teens express greater concern over the possibility of a shooting at their school than white teens , and girls are more likely than boys to cite such concern . Most parents also share the concern of a shooting at their children ’s school . More than eight - in - ten teens and adults say preventing people with mental illnesses from purchasing guns and improving mental health screening and treatment would be effective at preventing school shootings .
Lawful immigrants account for three-quarters of the foreign-born population in the U.S. – 33.8 million people out of 44.7 million in 2015, the most recent year for which numbers were available. Among lawful immigrants, those who hold U.S. citizenship (19.8 million in 2015) outnumber lawful permanent residents (11.9 million). The Lawful immigrants account for three - quarters of the foreign - born population in the U.S. – 33.8 million people out of 44.7 million in 2015 , the most recent year for which numbers were available .
Women are more likely than men to say they regularly use these devices ( 25 % vs. 18 % ) . Hispanic adults are more likely than whites to report regularly wearing a fitness tracker ( 26 % vs. 20 % ) , while black adults fall in between at 23 % .
Six - in - ten adults say the public K-12 education system has a lot of responsibility in making sure the U.S. workforce has the right skills and education to be successful in today ’s economy
67 % of Americans say that the government should focus more on providing treatment for those who use illegal drugs such as heroin and cocaine . Just 26 % think the government ’s focus should be on prosecuting users of such hard drugs .
In his home country of Argentina , 91 % have a favorable opinion of Francis , including 65 % with a very favorable view . Majorities in every other Latin American country also see the pope in a positive light , including seven - in - ten or more in Colombia ( 83 % ) , Mexico ( 74 % ) , Brazil ( 74 % ) and Peru ( 72 % ) .
While sub-Saharan Africa had fewer religious restrictions in 2015 than many other parts of the world, it experienced a larger increase that year than any other region, according to a recent Pew Research Center report that tracks these restrictions by both governments and private individuals and groups.
Among respondents who took the survey from March 3 - 12 , before the declaration of a national emergency and the suspension of most professional and collegiate sports seasons , 73 % said the spread of infectious diseases was a major threat . But once the declaration was made on March 13 , as cases of the novel coronavirus increased across the U.S. , more became concerned about the issue . Among those surveyed between March 13 - 29 , 84 % named spreading disease as a major threat .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu receives extremely negative ratings from nations in the Middle East and North Africa . Only 7 % in both Tunisia and Turkey , 1 % in Jordan and 0 % in Lebanon have a favorable view of Netanyahu . And the negative opinion in Jordan and Lebanon is particularly intense ; 95 % of Jordanians and 97 % of Lebanese say they have a very unfavorable view .
Most people in the surveyed countries approved of how the EU was handling COVID-19 . As of August , half or more in every country surveyed said the EU had done a good job handling the outbreak , including around two - thirds or more in Germany ( 68 % ) , Denmark ( 68 % ) , the Netherlands ( 66 % ) and Spain ( 65 % ) . Spaniards , in fact , were more approving of the EU ’s response than of their own country ’s ( 65 % vs. 54 % ) .
Democrats are about as likely to say they sympathize more with the Palestinians ( 31 % ) than with Israel ( 33 % ) ; 11 % say they sympathize with neither , while 8 % sympathize with both and 17 % do not offer an opinion .
By 50 % to 41 % , the British now want to remain in the EU .
among Latinos younger than 18 , 93 % were born in the U.S. at home.
Three - in - ten ( 31 % ) say they followed news about conditions in the Gaza Strip very closely last week after the announcement of a cease fire . Public interest in this story was roughly equal to interest in the second week in January – following the start of the Israeli military ’s ground invasion – when 34 % of the public followed the conflict very closely . The inauguration and the financial crisis overshadowed Gaza in terms of public interest and media coverage . Still , one - in - ten listed the conflict between Israel and Hamas as the story they followed more closely than any other .
About half ( 49 % ) of Israelis would like the Obama administration to be more involved , while 15 % would like it to play a smaller role and 29 % would like it to play the same role it has been playing in resolving the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
About four - in - ten ( 42 % ) say they followed news about the economy very closely last week , much more than the 23 % that said they were very closely following news about the impact of the volcano in Iceland . In addition , about a quarter ( 27 % ) say they very closely followed news about proposals for more strict regulation of banks and financial institutions . About two - in - ten ( 21 % ) say they followed news about the deadly explosion on an off - shore oil rig near the coast of Louisiana very closely ; 12 % say this was the story they followed most closely .
Roughly a third of Americans ( 34 % ) now say substantially expanding the U.S.-Mexico border wall would result in a major reduction in illegal immigration into the U.S. , up from 29 % two years ago . Two - in - ten say expansion would lead to a minor reduction in illegal immigration , while a plurality ( 44 % ) continues to say expanding the wall would have little impact .
Roughly a third of Americans living in urban ( 35 % ) and suburban ( 36 % ) areas say they have ordered from a local restaurant online or through an app because of the outbreak , compared with 21 % of those living in rural areas .
About a third ( 34 % ) say they followed news about the immigration debate very closely ; 11 % say this was the news they followed most closely .
In asking Republicans whether they agree or disagree with the Tea Party , Pew Research surveys found that agreement has fallen from 48 % in March 2010 to 33 % in our most recent poll conducted in late April this year .
Currently , 26 % of the public says that Russia is an adversary , while 49 % think it is a serious problem but not an adversary , and just 15 % say it is not much of a problem .
Fully 63 % of Americans approve of the Obama administration ’s decision last month to re - establish diplomatic ties with Cuba after more than 50 years . And there is equally broad support for going further and ending the decades - long U.S. trade embargo against Cuba ( 66 % favor this ) .
New England states continue to have the highest share of residents claiming Irish ancestry : Massachusetts ( 21.6 % ) , New Hampshire ( 21.0 % ) , Rhode Island ( 18.3 % ) , Vermont ( 17.9 % ) and Maine ( 17.6 % ) .
From February 9 to August 9 , 2009 , only a fraction of stories contained substantial references to Hispanics – just 645 out of 34,452 studied . And only a tiny number , 57 stories , focused directly on the lives of Hispanics in the U.S. , according to a media content analysis done jointly by the Project for Excellence in Journalism and the Pew Hispanic Center , both of which are projects of the Pew Research Center .
44 % say it will be a long time before the nation ’s economy recovers . Smaller percentages say either the economy already is recovering ( 28 % ) or will recover soon ( 26 % ) .
Most U.S. adults on Twitter post only rarely . But a small share of highly active users , most of whom are Democrats , produce the vast majority of tweets . The Center ’s analysis finds that just 10 % of users produced 92 % of all tweets from U.S. adults since last November , and that 69 % of these highly prolific users identify as Democrats or Democratic - leaning independents .
There has been an overall increase in concern about the problems of crime , corrupt officials and poor quality schools in the emerging and developing nations surveyed in 2007 and 2014 . For instance , in 2007 , a median of 64 % said crime was a very big problem across those 20 countries , but in 2014 , 74 % do . An almost identical change has occurred for the problem of corruption . And in 2007 , a median of only 38 % across these countries named poor quality schools as a big concern . Now , about half say this .
by a 52%-39 % margin , Democrats also favor using force to defend an Asian ally .
Solid majorities of the general publics in Germany and Spain say that there is a natural conflict between being a devout Muslim and living in a modern society . But most Muslims in both of those countries disagree . And in France , the scene of recent riots in heavily Muslim areas , large percentages of both the general public and the Muslim minority population feel there is no conflict in being a devout Muslim and living in a modern society .
Currently , just 23 % approve of how Bush is handling the situation in Iraq , down from 32 % in August , and 36 % a year ago in December 2005 . Meanwhile , disapproval has spiked up to 71 % from 61 % in August and 58 % last December .
About eight - in - ten ( 78 % ) Republicans say too many people are easily offended , while just 21 % say people should be more careful to avoid offending others . Among Democrats , 61 % think people should be more careful not to offend others , compared with 37 % who say people these days are too easily offended .
the share of whites who show high levels of trust ( 27 % ) is twice as high as the share of black ( 13 % ) and Hispanic adults ( 12 % ) .
Indians express confident views about their country ’s role in the international arena . Almost four - in - ten ( 38 % ) think India is already one of the world ’s leading powers and roughly half ( 49 % ) say it will be one eventually . Only 8 % believe it will never be a major power .
The presidential campaign once again was the most heavily covered story of the week , accounting for 38 % of all news coverage . For the public , however , the rising price of gas , which emerged as a prominent issue in the campaign , was the top news story . More than six - in - ten ( 63 % ) say they followed news about gas prices very closely and 30 % cited it as the story they followed most closely last week .
A new Pew Research Center survey reveals a bleak picture in parts of Europe, with more than eight-in-ten in Greece, France and Spain describing their country’s economic situation Almost a decade after the global financial crisis rattled national economies , many in the world feel their respective countries ’ economies remain weak . A new Pew Research Center survey reveals a bleak picture in parts of Europe , with more than eight - in - ten in Greece , France and Spain describing their country ’s economic situation as bad .
in the other 37 states and the District of Columbia , just 36 % agree , while 58 % say abortion should be legal in all or most cases .
The Obama administration deported a record 438,421 unauthorized immigrants in fiscal year 2013, continuing a streak of stepped up enforcement that has resulted in more than 2 million deportations since Obama took office, newly released Department of Homeland Security data show. President Obama today is scheduled to address members of The Obama administration deported a record 438,421 unauthorized immigrants in fiscal year 2013 , continuing a streak of stepped up enforcement that has resulted in more than 2 million deportations since Obama took office , newly released Department of Homeland Security data show .
children of FSU immigrants are more likely than their parents to believe in God ( 70 % vs. 55 % ) . Only 60 % of second - generation FSU Jews say they are Hiloni ( secular ) , compared with 81 % of FSU immigrants who say so . And while 4 % of first - generation immigrants say they are Haredi ( ultra - Orthodox ) , among the second generation , this proportion has climbed to 14 % .
Some 55 % of blacks with at least some college education say that in the past 12 months someone has acted as if they were suspicious of them because of their race or ethnicity , while a similar share ( 52 % ) say people have treated them as if they were n’t smart . Among blacks with a high school diploma or less , those shares are lower , 38 % and 37 % respectively .
There is a significant ideological divide on this question among Democrats . Three - quarters of liberal Democrats and Democratic leaners say the pre - emptive use of military force can rarely or never be justified . By contrast , conservative and moderate Democrats and Democratic leaners are more evenly divided : 52 % say it can rarely or never be justified , while 46 % say it can sometimes or often be justified .
Russians are increasingly likely to say their country plays a more important role in the world today than it did 10 years ago . Overall , 72 % of Russians say this now compared to 59 % who did in 2017 . Only 10 % believe Russia is less important .
The risk of divorce for adults ages 50 and older is also higher among those who have been married for a shorter time . For example , among adults 50 and older who had been married for less than 10 years , the divorce rate was 21 people per 1,000 married persons in 2015 . By contrast , the divorce rate is 13 people per 1,000 married persons for adults ages 50 and older who had been married for 20 to 29 years .
About three - in - ten ( 31 % ) say they followed news about widespread local and state budget problems very closely ; 7 % say these were the stories they followed most closely .
By fall 1980 , 17 % of black students enrolled in degree - granting institutions were enrolled at an HBCU . By 2000 , that share had declined to 13 % , and it stood at 9 % in 2015 .
usage of each of the four applications sampled – KaZaa , WinMX , BearShare and Grokster – dropped in November versus one year ago . The declines in the user base of each of these applications from November 2002 to November 2003 were : 15 % for KaZaa , 25 % for WinMX , 9 % for BearShare , and 59 % for Grokster .
almost four - in - ten Americans ( 38 % ) said they could n’t name any gay or lesbian entertainers or public figures , including 61 % of people age 65 and older .
The survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & amp ; the Press , conducted April 4 - 15 , 2012 among 1,514 adults nationwide , finds 52 % offering a favorable opinion of the Supreme Court , down from 58 % in 2010 and the previous low of 57 % , in 2005 and 2007 . About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say they have an unfavorable view , which approaches the high reached in 2005 ( 30 % ) .
Democratic voters , in particular , place value on candidates who will make compromises : 63 % say this , compared with 31 % who prioritize sticking to core values . Republican voters , by contrast , are more likely to value candidates who stick to their core values ( 57 % vs. 35 % ) .
among men who got married for the first time between 1970 ( the year the Gores we d ) and 1974 , 89 % were still married to the same wife on their fifth anniversary , 74 % on their 10th anniversary and 65 % on their 15th anniversary . By their 20th anniversary , 58 % were married ; by their 25th , 54 % were .
Of the 72 people since then who have been nominated for vice president on a major - party ( or significant third - party ) ticket , most have had a fair degree of political experience on the national , or at least state , level . A third ( 24 ) were U.S. senators at the time of their nomination ; two more were former senators . Thirteen were current or former governors ; 11 were current or former U.S. representatives , including two incumbent House speakers .
Today , two - thirds say having a strong economic relationship with China is more important for ties between the two nations , while 28 % say being tough with China on territorial disputes is more vital . This represents a dramatic shift since this question was last asked in 2015 ; at that time , Filipinos were almost evenly divided between forging a strong economic relationship with China ( 43 % ) and being tough on territorial disputes ( 41 % ) .
Asked whether they approve or disapprove of the court ’s ruling that no state or local government may require the reading of the Lord ’s Prayer or Bible verses in public schools , roughly 39 % say they approve and about 57 % say they disapprove .
Some 55 % of Americans said in 2016 that they trust medical scientists a lot to give full and accurate information about the health risks and benefits of the childhood MMR vaccine .
the public continues to overwhelmingly favor making private gun sales and sales at gun shows subject to background checks . Nearly three - quarters of Americans ( 73 % ) say that if the Senate bill is reintroduced , Congress should pass it .
Blacks are twice as likely as whites to say history will judge Obama as above average or outstanding : Fully 76 % of blacks and just 38 % of whites say this . While the balance of opinion among black and white Democrats is similar as to whether history will judge Obama as above average or outstanding ( 79 % and 71 % , respectively ) , black Democrats are more likely than white Democrats to say he will go down as an outstanding president ( 46 vs. 27 % ) .
Most Chinese embrace a modern lifestyle , with 66 % saying they like the pace of modern life . However , the same percentage says their traditional way of life is getting lost . And 79 % believe their way of life needs to be protected against foreign influence ( though only 30 % completely agree with this view ) . In a society with a rapidly growing middle class , slightly more than half ( 53 % ) think that consumerism and commercialism are a threat to their culture , up from 43 % in 2012 . Just 34 % say consumerism and commercialism do not pose a threat .
Hispanic teens are about evenly split on the question of whether it is necessary to believe in God in order to be moral and have good values : 50 % say it is not necessary , while 48 % say it is . By comparison , 71 % of White teens say that a belief in God is unnecessary to be moral and 28 % say it is necessary .
75 % of Americans agreed with the statement “ occasional acts of terrorism in the U.S. will be part of life in the future . ”
In a week filled with talk of policy proposals aimed at lifting the nation ’s economy from crisis , the public focused most closely on President Obama signing the economic stimulus legislation into law . For more than a third ( 35 % ) of the public , the stimulus was the story they followed more closely than any other news last week .
about 4 % of new foreign - born mothers from India – one of the top 10 countries of origin among new foreign - born moms – are living in poverty , compared with 49 % of new mothers from Honduras .
Four - in - ten rural residents say they know all or most of their neighbors , compared with 24 % of urban residents and 28 % of suburban residents .
In the first months of the Trump administration , the top countries of origin for refugees have been the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( 3,235 ) , followed by Burma ( Myanmar ) ( 2,470 ) , Iraq ( 1,923 ) , Somalia ( 1,879 ) , Syria ( 1,779 ) and Ukraine ( 1,603 ) .
The share of the public that says they are hearing a mix of good and bad economic news fell from 64 % in May to 59 % , while the share that says they are hearing mostly bad news increased from 31 % to 37 % .
the share of Republicans and Republican leaners who say the U.S. does the right amount to solve world problems has more than doubled ( 42 % now , 17 % then ) . However , nearly four - in - ten Republicans ( 37 % ) say the U.S. does too much to solve world problems
Among Latino voters , support for Obama was strong among all major demographic sub - groups . Yet some differences were evident . According to the national exit poll , Hispanic women supported Obama more than Hispanic males—76 % versus 65 % .
The U.S. electorate is aging : 52 % of registered voters are ages 50 and older , up from 41 % in 1996 .
Opinions of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani are generally similar to opinions of Assad . Fewer than 10 % in both Israel and Jordan hold a positive view of the Iranian president .
Jordanians ( 79 % unfavorable ) and Egyptians ( 76 % ) give Iran especially poor marks . Moreover , ratings for Iran have declined precipitously since 2006 , when 59 % of Egyptians and 49 % of Jordanians expressed a positive view .
Among gun owners , 19 % of those who want less strict laws have contacted a public official in the past year , compared with 9 % of those who want stricter laws .
By increasingly wide margins , Americans say they want to see U.S. troops return from Iraq as soon as possible , as opposed to staying until the situation there has stabilized . Currently , 56 % favor bringing the troops home as soon as possible – the most ever in a Pew survey – while 39 % say troops should stay until things are stable .
The shares of adults who say they use Facebook , Pinterest , LinkedIn and Twitter are each largely the same as in 2016 , with only Instagram showing an uptick in use during this time period . ( There are no comparable 2016 phone survey data for YouTube , Snapchat , WhatsApp or Reddit . ) Facebook – which recently celebrated its 15th anniversary – remains one of the most widely used social media sites among adults in the U.S. Roughly seven - in - ten adults ( 69 % ) say they ever use the platform .
In 2017 , 13 % of those ages 18 to 24 had either lost a job or had pay or hours reduced because their employers replaced their positions with a machine , robot or computer program .
In the decade from 2000 to 2010 , the Mexican - American population grew by 7.2 million as a result of births and 4.2 million as a result of new immigrant arrivals .
Almost two - thirds of the global Somali diaspora live in neighboring countries . At nearly half a million , Kenya hosts the largest number of Somali migrants ( both refugees and nonrefugees ) of any other country , according to UN estimates . Not far behind is Ethiopia with 440,000 Somali migrants . Combining Kenya , Ethiopia , Djibouti and Yemen ( across the Gulf of Aden ) , nearly two - thirds of the world ’s Somali migrants lived in neighboring countries in 2015 .
Roughly two - thirds ( 66 % ) of Americans say scientists will probably or definitely cure most forms of cancer within 50 years .
In the United States , the vast majority of Muslims celebrate Ramadan , with eight - in - ten saying they fast during the holiday . Fasting for Ramadan is common across all the demographic groups that make up America ’s 2.15 million Muslim adults . For instance , similar shares of Muslim men and women ( 77 % vs. 82 % ) say they fast , and there is little difference between Muslims who were born in the U.S. and immigrants ( 79 % vs. 80 % ) .
the public generally believes it is acceptable for the government to monitor many others , including foreign citizens , foreign leaders , and American leaders . Yet , 57 % say it is unacceptable for the government to monitor the communications of U.S. citizens .
The middle class is a significant presence in the Western European countries analyzed , even as it is shrinking in many countries . Middle - class shares ranged from 64 % in Spain to 80 % in Denmark and Norway in 2010 . The share of adults who were lower income was lowest in the Netherlands ( 13 % ) and highest in Spain ( 24 % ) , and upper - income shares ranged from 6 % in Norway to 14 % in the UK .
A large segment of the public remained focused on the Iraq war last week : 32 % followed the situation in Iraq very closely and 19 % listed this as their most closely followed story .
Overall , 62 % of women and 54 % of men say there is a good chance they would vote for Clinton . But these differences are particularly evident among whites : 61 % of white Democratic women say there is a good chance they would vote for Clinton compared with 43 % of white Democratic men . Conversely , more white Democratic men ( 45 % ) than women ( 26 % ) see some chance of voting for Clinton . Only about 10 % in each group sees no chance of voting for her .
Refugees with no religious affiliation were 5 % of all refugees admitted to the U.S. in fiscal 2002 . Since then , the share of refugees with no religious affiliation has decreased , amounting to less than 1 % of refugees entering the U.S. during fiscal 2017 .
The new data show that 4.32 million adults ( ages 18 or older ) were newlywed in 2012 , a 3 % percent increase over the 4.21 million adults newly married in 2011 .
Around six - in - ten multiracial Americans ( 59 % ) said their multiracial background has made them more open to cultures other than their own , and 55 % felt that they were more understanding of people of different racial backgrounds .
Among those who have contributed to a crowdsourced project to help someone in need , 63 % say they have given to help a friend of a friend or an acquaintance , while 62 % have contributed to help a close friend or member of their family . By contrast , just 7 % of these donors have given to a campaign to assist a public figure , while 28 % have given to help someone who was not a public figure but whom they did not know personally .
About seven - in - ten Republicans ( 71 % ) approve of the tax law , including 43 % who strongly approve . Early last year , about the same share of Republicans approved of the tax law ( 75 % ) , but a majority ( 57 % ) strongly approved .
Americans focused most closely last week on news about the nation’s troubled economy amid concerns about the stalled recovery and fears of a possible new recession. About four-in-ten (42%) say they followed reports about the condition of the U.S. economy more closely than any other news. That is three times Americans focused most closely last week on news about the nation ’s troubled economy amid concerns about the stalled recovery and fears of a possible new recession . About four - in - ten ( 42 % ) say they followed reports about the condition of the U.S. economy more closely than any other news .
Most black and Asian adults ( 63 % and 66 % , respectively ) say race or race relations come up in their conversations with family and friends at least sometimes , compared with about half of white ( 50 % ) and Hispanic ( 49 % ) adults .
A majority of women say the country has n’t gone far enough when it comes to giving women equal rights with men . About six - in - ten women ( 57 % ) hold this view , compared with 42 % of men .
Currently , 43 % say the Democrats can better deal with taxes , while 36 % prefer the Republican Party .
Obama is rated favorably by 76 % of Latino registered voters , making him much more popular among that voting group than McCain ( 44 % favorable ) and President Bush ( 27 % favorable ) . Hillary Clinton ’s ratings among Latino registered voters are 73 % favorable and 24 % unfavorable ; Obama ’s are 76 % favorable and 17 % unfavorable .
British Muslims are the most concerned – eight - in - ten ( 80 % ) are at least somewhat concerned including about half ( 49 % ) who are very concerned . French Muslims follow closely behind in their anxiety , with 72 % saying they are either very ( 38 % ) or somewhat ( 34 % ) concerned . The numbers of Muslims very concerned about the future are somewhat lower in Germany ( 28 % ) and Spain ( 30 % ) although substantial majorities in both countries say they are at least somewhat worried as they look ahead .
a majority of Americans ( 60 % ) say the primary reason that the number of confirmed coronavirus cases is increasing is because there are more new infections , not just more testing for the disease . About four - in - ten ( 39 % ) say cases are rising primarily because more people are being tested than in previous months .
Large majorities of Americans consider all eight of these issues at least a somewhat serious problem for the U.S. , and more than half say the amount of U.S. debt held by China , cyberattacks , China ’s environmental impact and job losses are very serious problems .
A majority ( 55 % ) of the nation ’s estimated 35.4 million Latino adults – or about 19.6 million Latinos – identify as Catholic , but that ’s down from two - thirds ( 67 % ) as recently as 2010 . Today , nearly one - in - four Latino adults ( 24 % ) are now former Catholics .
While opinions in Japan , India and South Korea are more divided , a quarter or more in each country say ties with both Beijing and Washington are good .
Property crime in the U.S. is much more common than violent crime . In 2019 , the FBI reported a total of 2,109.9 property crimes per 100,000 people , compared with 379.4 violent crimes per 100,000 people .
Asians make up 43 % of immigrant eligible voters in California , the highest of any racial or ethnic group .
In India , however , only 22 % have internet access and only 17 % have a smartphone .
A median of 57 % across the 11 Muslim publics surveyed hold an unfavorable view of the group . This includes strong majorities of Muslims in Lebanon ( 96 % ) , Jordan ( 81 % ) , Turkey ( 73 % ) , and Egypt ( 69 % ) . More than half of Muslims in Nigeria , Senegal , Tunisia , Indonesia , and the Palestinian territories also view al Qaeda negatively . In Pakistan and Malaysia , Muslim views of al Qaeda are on balance unfavorable , but many offer no opinion .
The age - adjusted rate of drug overdose deaths in suburban counties was 21.1 per 100,000 people in 2016 , compared with 18.7 per 100,000 in rural counties and 18.5 per 100,000 in urban counties .
About six - in - ten Americans ( 61 % ) expect that Republicans and Democrats in Washington will bicker and oppose one another more than usual , while just 29 % say they expect the parties to work together more .
In the U.S. , both Republicans and Democrats name the UK as their most trusted partner , although Democrats are more likely to say this . Republicans are also more likely to name Israel as the preeminent partner than are Democrats . But equal shares from both parties see Germany as a top partner , and the same can be said of China .
In 2016 , as in recent years , Millennials and Gen Xers were the most Democratic generations . And both groups had relatively large – and growing – shares of liberal Democrats : 27 % of Millennials and 21 % of Gen Xers identified as liberal Democrats or Democratic - leaning independents .
Today , only 19 % in Turkey like the U.S. , while nearly three - quarters ( 73 % ) share a dislike of their NATO ally .
In this year ’s Pew survey , majorities in seven of eight predominantly Muslims nations believe the U.S. may someday threaten their country — including 71 % in Turkey and 58 % in Lebanon .
Obama ’s job approval measure has fallen eight points since December , from 55 % to 47 % . His rating is comparable to George W. Bush ’s ( 45 % ) at the same point early in his second term and is much lower than Bill Clinton ’s 60 % rating in February 1997 .
Seven - in - ten Republicans say fact - checkers tend to favor one side , compared with roughly three - in - ten Democrats ( 29 % ) – a 41 percentage point difference . Conversely , most Democrats ( 69 % ) say fact - checkers deal fairly with all sides , a view shared by just 28 % of Republicans .
Internet penetration rates – as measured by internet use or smartphone ownership – remain high in North America and much of Europe , as well as in parts of the Asia - Pacific . Among the countries surveyed , South Korea stands out as the most heavily connected society , with 96 % of adults reporting internet use . Yet , others are not far behind . In Australia , the Netherlands , Sweden , Canada , the U.S. , Israel , the United Kingdom , Germany , France and Spain , roughly nine - in - ten report internet use .
About seven - in - ten Americans ( 69 % ) say there ’s solid evidence that the average temperature on earth has been getting warmer over the past few decades , according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in March . That ’s about as many as said so in 2008 , although acceptance of the reality of global warming has risen and fallen considerably over that time span : from a high of 79 % in July 2006 to a low of 57 % in October 2009 .
just 15 % of Millennials express either consistently or mostly conservative views compared with 44 % who have a mix of liberal and conservative views and fully 41 % who express consistently or mostly liberal views . By comparison , more Gen Xers ( 25 % ) , Baby Boomers ( 33 % ) and Silents ( 39 % ) express consistently or mostly conservative views across this set of 10 questions .
The racial background of the largest group of multiracial babies ( 36 % ) is black and white , but just 18 % of mixed - race adults claim this background , according to Census Bureau data . A similar pattern emerges for mixed - race people whose background is black and American Indian – among adults , the share is 5 % , while among babies , it is just 1 % . And while almost a quarter of mixed - race babies are white and Asian , this share is just 18 % for adults .
a high percentage of the new Hispanics in the population are either too young to vote or ineligible because they are not citizens ( Figure 1 ) .
Even at various points when Obama was in office , majorities of Democrats viewed the U.S. as less respected internationally ; 58 % said this last year . But now , 87 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say the U.S. is less respected than in the past , with 70 % saying this is a major problem .
Fewer than one - in - five Ukrainians ( 12 % ) and Russians ( 16 % ) think the two countries should unite as a single state .
Among Democrats , those with high political knowledge are more than three times as likely to say they have heard about QAnon ( 85 % ) as those with low political knowledge ( 25 % ) .
More than half in Poland ( 58 % ) and the Czech Republic ( 54 % ) offered critical opinions of Russia . And ratings of Russia were even worse among Western European publics . Majorities in France ( 65 % ) , Germany ( 62 % ) , and Sweden ( 59 % ) expressed an unfavorable view of Russia .
About eight - in - ten or more adults say politicians ( 84 % ) , large corporations ( 82 % ) and wealthy people ( 82 % ) have too much power and influence .
A majority ( 75 % ) says they feel comfortable going to the grocery store given the current situation with the coronavirus outbreak , and about two - thirds ( 65 % ) say they are comfortable visiting with a close friend or family member inside their home . Just over half ( 53 % ) are comfortable going to a hair salon or barbershop .
A majority of Lebanese ( 57 % ) see a nuclear Iran as threatening . A majority of Tunisians ( 57 % ) and Pakistanis ( 57 % ) do not . The outlier is Jordan . A very strong Jordanian majority opposes Tehran ’s nuclear ambitions , but a majority ( 55 % ) also say that such an Iranian force would pose no danger to their safety .
60 % of United Methodists said homosexuality should be accepted by society – a clear majority , and a substantial increase from 2007 , when 51 % said this . In addition , about half of U.S. Methodists ( 49 % ) said they favored legal same - sex marriage .
most say they are frustrated with the government ( 55 % ) , while smaller shares are angry ( 24 % ) or basically content ( 17 % ) .
nearly three - quarters of the Russian population ( 72 % ) think that homosexuality is morally unacceptable , with only 18 % saying it is acceptable or not a moral issue .
A global median of 70 % say China plays a more important role in the world than it did 10 years ago .
Fully 78 % express dissatisfaction with the country ’s direction , while an overwhelming 93 % describe the current state of the economy as bad .
The trend in falling voter turnout among young people was reversed in 2004 . Among the voting age members of the DotNet cohort ( ages 18 - 29 ) , 49 % voted , an increase of 9 percentage points from 2000 . While young people still lag behind older adults , the rise in voter turnout among those ages 30 and older was a much more modest 3 percentage points – from 65 % to 68 % .
While 52 % of Americans still see their country as the world ’s leading economic power , this is down from 59 % in March , an unprecedented high in Pew Research Center ’s surveys on this question .
The sense that increasing presidential power would be “ too risky ” has grown among Democrats since August , when Barack Obama was still president : While a 66 % majority said giving presidents greater powers would be too risky in August , nearly nine - in - ten ( 87 % ) now say this . Conversely , while 82 % of Republicans expressed concern about increasing presidential powers relative to the other branches of government in August , a smaller majority ( 65 % ) say this today .
The Mexican-born population in the U.S. has continued to increase, but the rate of growth appears to have slowed in recent months. This assessment is based on Applying this technique to monthly data and quarterly population averages as well as to three - month rolling averages produces similar results : The trend line slopes up more steeply in 2004 and 2005 than in 2006 . Figure 4 is based on regression analyses of quarterly averages.1 It shows a broad trend of increasing growth from the last quarter of 2004 through the second quarter of 2006 and a flattening of the growth rate since then .
Black Democrats also are more likely than other Democrats to say morality is linked to a belief in God . A 55 % majority of black Democrats say “ it is necessary to believe in God in order to be moral , ” while 44 % say it is not necessary .
With the Cell - WINS flag , 15 % of flagged - inactive cellphone numbers were found to be working and residential ( false negatives ) , and one - in - ten flagged - active numbers were found to be non - working or non - residential ( false positives ) .
The latest allegations in the child sex abuse scandal at Penn State University rivaled news about the 2012 elections and the economy for the public’s attention last week. About two-in-ten (19%) say news about the candidates for the 2012 presidential elections was their top story, while 18% each say they
Pew Research surveys have consistently shown strong public support for building the pipeline from Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast , with 61 % of Americans favoring it . Fully 84 % of Republicans want to see the pipeline built , but Democrats are more divided , with 49 % in favor and 38 % opposed .
Majorities in most countries across the region are upbeat about free markets , with similar levels of support among young and old , according to a new Pew Research Center survey of adults in 18 Central and Eastern European countries .
Just one - in - five ( 21 % ) say job opportunities have gotten better , while 67 % think things have gotten worse ( including 47 % who say much worse ) . A similar share believes prices of goods and services ( 19 % ) , corruption ( 21 % ) and terrorism ( 21 % ) have gotten better . Meanwhile , 65 % say prices have gotten worse , 65 % are of the opinion that corruption has worsened ( including again 47 % who say it is much worse ) and 59 % think terrorism is worse .
cable news saw its viewership jump 8 % , to an average of 3.1 million viewers in prime time ( according to Pew Research Center analysis of Nielsen Media Research data , used under license ) . This was especially pronounced at CNN , whose prime - time audience grew 38 % . Cable channels gained economically as well , with annual revenue for the three major channels ( Fox News Channel , CNN and MSNBC ) projected to rise 10 % , to $ 4 billion .
Sub - Saharan Africans ( a median of 68 % ) , Middle Easterners ( 61 % ) and Asians ( 57 % ) also report that those in the upper echelons of society have too much political influence . There are only two countries in the survey where fewer than four - in - ten believe the wealthy wield too much power – China ( 38 % ) and Vietnam ( 37 % ) , two nations still ruled by officially Communist parties . Roughly a quarter in both countries believe the rich should have more influence on their political system than they currently do .
A majority of white mainline Protestants ( 60 % ) and black Protestants ( 64 % ) say abortion should be legal in all or most cases . By contrast , 77 % of white evangelical Protestants say abortion should be illegal in all or most cases .
In terms of both raw numbers and population rates , gun suicides have been on the rise in recent years , even as gun homicides have fallen . In 2010 , the gun suicide rate was 6.3 per 100,000 people , compared with 3.6 per 100,000 for gun homicides .
A majority agrees the U.S. should mind its own business internationally , the highest measure in nearly a half century of polling .
Among adults who live in rural areas , 46 % say they own a gun , compared with 28 % of adults who live in the suburbs and even fewer – 19 % – in urban areas , according to a new Pew Research Center survey .
When it comes to immigration policy , roughly seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) continue to support a way for undocumented immigrants to gain legal status if certain requirements are met . One - in - four ( 25 % ) say they should not be allowed to stay . Most of those who say there should be a pathway to legal status support the ability for undocumented immigrants to apply for citizenship : 42 % overall say they should be able to apply for citizenship , while 25 % of the public thinks they should be able to apply for permanent residency , but not citizenship .
Nearly three - quarters of the public ( 74 % ) says it is very important that major political donors not have more influence than others , while an additional 16 % view this as somewhat important . However , only a relatively small share of the public feels this is actually the case today . About a quarter ( 26 % ) feel that the statement “ people who give a lot of money to elected officials do not have more influence than others ” describes the country very or somewhat well ; roughly seven - in - ten ( 72 % ) say this does not describe the country well , with 43 % saying it describes it “ not at all well .
more than nine - in - ten Republicans ( 93 % ) cite ISIS as a major threat , compared with 79 % of Democrats . Republicans also are also far more likely than Democrats to view Iran ’s nuclear program as a major threat ( 79 % vs. 52 % ) .
China is gaining popularity in Russia as attitudes toward the U.S. turn sharply negative . In just the past two years , favorable views of China have jumped 17 percentage points among Russians , from 62 % in 2013 to an all - time high of 79 % today . Meanwhile , favorable views of the U.S. have taken a nosedive , falling from 51 % in 2013 , to 23 % in 2014 , to an all - time low of 15 % today .
more than half ( 50.9 % ) of the nation ’s nearly 8 million unemployed people are between the ages of 16 and 34 – even though that group makes up just over a third of the civilian labor force .
At the time of the survey , though Instagram had grown to be one of the more popular online platforms in the United States , most Americans still did not use it , unlike the two most popular social media platforms – YouTube and Facebook – which were used by majorities of U.S. adults ( 73 % and 69 % , respectively ) .
As in the past , there is extensive public support for increasing federal funding for veterans benefits and education ( 72 % each ) . About six - in - ten ( 62 % ) support more government spending for rebuilding the nation ’s highways , bridges and roads , while 55 % each favor more funding for Medicare and environmental protection .
Last year, 84,000 people left Puerto Rico for the U.S. mainland, a 38% increase Last year , 84,000 people left Puerto Rico for the U.S. mainland , a 38 % increase from 2010 , according to the analysis of American Community Survey data . At the same time , the number of people moving to Puerto Rico from the U.S. mainland declined , resulting in Puerto Rico having a net population loss to the mainland of 64,000 in 2014 , more than double the net loss of 26,000 in 2010 .
Around two - thirds of users ( 64 % ) say they at least sometimes encounter videos that seem obviously false or untrue while using the site . A similar share ( 60 % ) say they at least sometimes encounter videos that show people engaging in dangerous or troubling behavior .
About six - in - ten Americans ( 61 % ) say it ’s a good thing that more women are running for U.S. Congress this year than in the past , while a third say this is neither good nor bad . Just 5 % see this as a bad thing .
Since 2001 , the share of Americans who favor increased legal immigration into the U.S. has risen 22 percentage points ( from 10 % to 32 % ) , while the share who support a decrease has declined 29 points ( from 53 % to 24 % ) .
Majorities of Americans believe the government can do at least something to reduce poverty and the gap between the rich and everyone else . But fewer believe the government can do a lot to lessen poverty ( 40 % ) than say it should take a lot of action to achieve this goal ( 53 % ) .
Americans are more likely to prioritize greater cooperation with Germany than Germans are to prioritize increased cooperation with the U.S. About seven - in - ten in the U.S. ( 69 % ) want more cooperation with Germany , compared with half of Germans ( 50 % ) who want more cooperation with the U.S. Instead , Germans are most likely to say they want greater cooperation with France ( 77 % ) and Japan ( 69 % ) among the countries tested .
Even as the Latino vote remained flat at 8 % , their share among eligible voters has grown from 8.6 % in 2006 to 11 % this year .
Mexicans and Dominicans are more likely than most other Hispanic origin groups to say they are Catholic . Meanwhile , Salvadorans are more likely to say they are evangelical Protestant than Mexicans , Cubans and Dominicans . About six - in - ten Mexicans ( 61 % ) and Dominicans ( 59 % ) identify as Catholic , compared with about 49 % of Cubans , 45 % of Puerto Ricans and 42 % of Salvadorans . Some one - third of Salvadorans are evangelical Protestants .
Just 13 % of Americans say they have a great deal of confidence that private space companies will minimize the amount of human - made space debris that they put into Earth ’s orbit – including fragments of rockets , satellites and other human - made objects . About half ( 51 % ) of Americans say they have not too much or no confidence at all that private companies will minimize the debris they create .
The results show that many non - Muslims associate negative traits with Muslims . Majorities in Nigeria , India , Spain , Russia , and Germany see Muslims as violent . Large numbers , including majorities in India , Nigeria , and Russia , also consider Muslims arrogant . Many also associate selfishness with Muslims , although India is the only country where a majority does so . Non - Muslims are less likely to rate Muslims as greedy or immoral — in France for instance , only 10 % say Muslims are greedy and just 18 % label Muslims as immoral .
Millennials are the most diverse adult generation : 57 % are non - Hispanic whites , while 21 % are Hispanic , 13 % are black and 6 % are Asian . Each older generation is less diverse . Non - Hispanic whites make up 61 % of Generation X , 72 % of Baby Boomers and 78 % of the Silent generation .
In 2002 , 61.9 % of Americans in this age group were in the workforce , a number that increased to 64.5 % in 2012 . The 2022 projection is that 67.5 % will remain in the workforce .
In September 1945 , the National Opinion Research Center at the University of Chicago asked Americans what they would have done if they had been the one to decide whether or not to use the atomic bomb against Japan . At the time , a plurality of Americans supported the course chosen by the Truman administration : 44 % said they would have bombed one city at a time , and another 23 % would have wiped out cities in general – in other words , two - thirds would have bombed some urban area . Just 26 % would have dropped the bomb on locations that had no people . And only 4 % would not have used the bomb .
For its part , the media devoted the most coverage to the budget drama that played out in Washington and the last - minute compromise that averted a shutdown last weekend . This story accounted for 29 % of coverage – roughly four times the amount of coverage devoted to the Japan disaster ( 7 % ) and far more coverage than for any other story
The largest share of Americans ( 41 % ) expect U.S. influence in world affairs to be about the same after the coronavirus outbreak compared to beforehand . The rest are evenly split , with 29 % saying the U.S. will have more influence and less influence , respectively .
Fully 84 % say corrupt officials are a big problem , and 44 % think they are a very big problem .
Most Americans believe undocumented immigrants should meet certain requirements before they are allowed to stay in the U.S. legally : 56 % say undocumented immigrants should have to pay fines before gaining legal status . A similar percentage ( 55 % ) backs a 10 - year waiting period for most immigrants before permanent residency . There is much broader support for another requirement – fully 76 % of the public , including majorities of nearly every demographic group , say that undocumented immigrants should have to show they can speak and understand English before being allowed to stay in the U.S. legally .
Only a minority of Americans says that almost all ( 14 % ) or more than half ( 28 % ) of scientists agree that GM foods are safe to eat .
Our 2006 poll showed that majorities in Jordan , Turkey , Egypt , Indonesia , and Pakistan believe the war has made the world a more dangerous place .
The number of migrant apprehensions at the U.S.-Mexico border rose by 42 % in October and November of 2016 compared with the same two - month period in 2015 , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Customs and Border Protection data . The 93,405 apprehensions were the most in any October - November period in at least five years .
The United States is home to more college - educated immigrants than any other country . As of 2015 , there were 14.7 million immigrants ages 25 and older with a postsecondary diploma or college degree living in the U.S. – more than triple the number in Canada ( 4.4 million ) and more than four times as many as in the United Kingdom ( 3.4 million ) , according to a recent Pew Research Center report .
52 % currently describe the violence in Iraq as “ mostly a civil war , ” rather than an insurgency against the U.S. and its allies . While this is largely unchanged from September , it represents a major shift from a year ago . In December 2005 , just 30 % viewed the violence in Iraq as mostly a civil war while 58 % said it was an insurgency aimed at the U.S. and its allies .
nearly six - in - ten ( 57 % ) say the choice of the next Supreme Court justice is very important to them personally . In April 2010 , after Justice John Paul Stevens announced his retirement from the court , and before Obama named Justice Elena Kagan as his replacement , just 40 % viewed the choice of a new Supreme Court justice as very important .
In the early June survey , overwhelming majorities of voters said they were paying attention to news about the coronavirus outbreak and Floyd protests at least fairly closely ( 90 % and 86 % , respectively ) , including 45 % of voters who said they were following these stories very closely .
About three - quarters of Latinos ( 78 % ) say it will be necessary for Congress to pass another economic relief bill in addition to the $ 2 trillion economic assistance package passed by Congress in March and signed by President Donald Trump .
A rising share of unauthorized immigrants have lived in the U.S. for more than a decade . About two - thirds ( 66 % ) of unauthorized immigrant adults in 2017 had been in the U.S. more than 10 years , compared with 41 % in 2007 . A declining share of unauthorized immigrants have lived in the U.S. for five years or less – 20 % of adults in 2017 , compared with 30 % in 2007 . In 2017 , unauthorized immigrant adults had lived in the U.S. for a median of 15.1 years , meaning that half had been in the country at least that long .
Republicans and Republican leaners expressed far more favorable opinions of Bernanke ( 71 % ) than did Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 45 % ) .
In February , 62 % of workers with a bachelor ’s degree or more education had jobs that could be performed remotely . That is nearly double the share among workers who had completed some college education ( 33 % ) , including an associate degree , and almost triple the share among high school graduates who did not go to college ( 22 % ) . Few workers who did not graduate from high school ( 9 % ) had the option to telework .
just 45 % of American adults had confidence in business leaders to work in the best interests of the public .
Among Latinos and Asians , the voter turnout rate in 2018 for naturalized citizens was higher than among the U.S. born . The naturalized - citizen turnout rate among Latinos was 44.2 % , higher than the 39.0 % turnout for U.S.-born Latinos .
About eight - in - ten ( 81 % ) say they heard a least a little last week about Somali pirates hijacking an American yacht and killing four hostages ; 41 % say they heard a lot about this , while 40 % say they heard a little .
Overall , 32 % of cell owners used their mobile devices in the 30 days preceding our survey for one or more of these reasons , and cell owners under the age of 25 have high levels of engagement in each of these activities . At the same time , using one ’s cell phone to visit a website mentioned during televised programming is relatively common with older cell owners as well — engagement in this behavior does not drop significantly until approximately age 45 .
In nearly all countries polled , majorities oppose monitoring by the U.S. government of emails and phone calls of foreign leaders or their citizens . In contrast , Americans tilt toward the view that eavesdropping on foreign leaders is an acceptable practice , and they are divided over using this technique on average people in other countries . However , the majority of Americans and others around the world agree that it is acceptable to spy on suspected terrorists , and that it is unacceptable to spy on American citizens .
In the new survey , 7 % of registered voters say they do n’t favor or lean toward Obama or Romney at this point . Neither candidate is particularly appealing to these undecided voters : More hold an unfavorable opinion of Romney than a favorable opinion by a 57 % to 18 % margin . And only about a third ( 31 % ) of undecided voters view Obama favorably .
About half of the public (48%) says they followed news about the powerful tornadoes that struck Joplin, Mo., more closely than any other news last week. About half of the public ( 48 % ) says they followed news about the powerful tornadoes that struck Joplin , Mo. , more closely than any other news last week .
Only 37 % of people say they hold a favorable view of the federal government , while 58 % express an unfavorable opinion . By comparison , 59 % hold favorable views of their state governments and 63 % hold favorable views of their local governments , figures that have been essentially stable since 2002 .
A majority of Republicans ( 67 % ) disapprove of its handling of the situation , while most Democrats ( 56 % ) approve . Independents by roughly two - to - one ( 52 % to 24 % ) disapprove of how the administration has handled the situation involving Russia and Ukraine .
smartphone ownership rates in emerging and developing nations are rising at an extraordinary rate , climbing from a median of 21 % in 2013 to 37 % in 2015 .
Fully two - thirds ( 67 % ) of Latinos say they expect their financial situation to improve over the next year , compared with 58 % of the general population who say the same . Also , two - thirds ( 66 % ) of Latinos say they expect their children to eventually enjoy a standard of living that is better than theirs is now . By contrast , just 48 % of the general public says the same .
For the first time in more than 130 years , young adults are more likely to be living in their parents ’ home than in any other living arrangement . In fact , a larger share of them are living with their parents than with a romantic partner – marking a significant historical shift . More broadly , young adult geographic mobility is at its lowest level in 50 years , even though today ’s young adults are less likely than previous generations of young adults to be married , to own a home or to be parents , all of which are traditional obstacles to moving .
Nearly three - quarters of Millennials ( 73 % ) say colleges and universities have a positive impact , compared with 64 % of Generation Xers , 59 % of Boomers and just 51 % of Silents .
A growing share of Americans have heard of the group of conspiracy theories known as QAnon , and a substantial portion of Republicans who are aware of it say it is a good thing for the country . The share of U.S. adults who have heard or read at least a little about QAnon rose from 23 % in February to 47 % in September .
A majority ( 56 % ) say the news media ’s coverage has been “ mostly about politics and controversy ” while only 6 % say it has been mostly about how the law will affect people
64 % of veterans say the government has given them about as much help as it should have . Three - in - ten say the government has given them too little help . Post-9/11 veterans are more likely than those from previous eras to say the government has given them less help than it should have ( 43 % vs. 27 % ) .
The most common racial or ethnic pairing among newlywed intermarried couples is one Hispanic and one white spouse ( 42 % ) . The next most common intermarriage pairings are one white and one Asian spouse ( 15 % ) .
Republicans are more likely than Democrats to say they have given a lot of consideration to the candidates . Currently , 63 % of Republican and Republican - leaning voters say they have thought a lot about the presidential candidates , compared with 51 % of Democratic and Democratic - leaning voters .
Hindus have 15.7 years of schooling , compared with 12.7 years of schooling , on average , among Christians , the majority religious group in the U.S.
For the first time, the Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project has found that cell phone ownership among adults has exceeded 90%. Cell phones are now being used by 91% of adults, according to the survey conducted between April 17 and May 19 of 2,252 adults. While the For the first time , the Pew Research Center ’s Internet & amp ; American Life Project has found that cell phone ownership among adults has exceeded 90 % . Cell phones are now being used by 91 % of adults , according to the survey conducted between April 17 and May 19 of 2,252 adults .
About as many have a favorable as unfavorable opinion of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ( 31 % vs. 28 % ) . Another 28 % volunteer that they have not heard of Netanyahu and 13 % ca n’t rate or refused .
Puerto Rico ’s population has grown steadily since at least the 1700s , and it increased each decade between 1910 ( 1.1 million ) to 2000 ( 3.8 million ) .
By roughly two - to - one , Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are more likely to say financial regulations have gone too far ( 63 % ) than to say they have not gone far enough ( 31 % ) . The balance of opinion among Democrats and Democratic leaners is reversed : More than twice as many Democrats say the government has not gone far enough in this area ( 62 % ) as say it has gone too far ( 29 % ) .
The public remains divided over whether or not a way can be found for Israel and an independent Palestinian state to coexist peacefully : 43 % say they think this can happen , while 48 % do not think so .
Among male respondents , about three - in - ten ( 32 % ) say men generally prefer to work with men while only 7 % say they favor women co - workers . An even larger share of women—40%–of women say men prefer men as co - workers while 9 % say men would rather work with women .
The share of people who say they have undergone a fertility treatment or know someone who has varies markedly by education and income . About four - in - ten ( 43 % ) of those with a bachelor ’s degree have had some exposure to fertility treatment – either through their own experience or that of someone they know – and the share rises to 56 % among those with a postgraduate degree . About half ( 48 % ) of people with family incomes of $ 75,000 or more also have been exposed to fertility treatment .
The number of Mexican immigrants living in the U.S. illegally has declined by 2 million since 2007 . In 2017 , 4.9 million unauthorized immigrants from Mexico lived in the U.S. , down from a peak of 6.9 million in 2007 . Mexicans now make up fewer than half of the nation ’s 10.5 million unauthorized immigrants ( 47 % in 2017 ) .
69 % of Americans say the historic ruling , which established a woman ’s constitutional right to abortion in the first three months of pregnancy , should not be completely overturned . Nearly three - in - ten ( 28 % ) , by contrast , would like to see it overturned .
Fully 87 % are aware of the federal surveillance programs ; among those aware of the programs , 25 % – and 22 % of adults overall – say they have changed the way they use technology at least somewhat after the Snowden revelations , according to our November 2014 - January 2015 survey . Additionally , 61 % of those aware of the programs say they have become less confident that the programs are serving the public interest .
Republican views have held fairly steady : 69 % see stories as often inaccurate , little changed from four years ago ( 63 % ) .
About half ( 53 % ) consider themselves to be a typical American , while 44 % say they are very different from a typical American . By contrast , only 37 % of immigrant Hispanics consider themselves a typical American .
In a Pew Research Center survey conducted June 16 - 22 , just under half of U.S. adults ( 47 % ) called the deficit “ a very big problem ” in the country today – down from 55 % in the fall of 2018 .
support for an expended border wall is significantly higher among conservative Republicans ( 81 % ) than among moderates and liberals ( 55 % ) .
Since November 2015 , the number of pending applications has exceeded 1 million among EU countries , Norway and Switzerland , and could take another year to clear . Not all asylum seekers have their applications for refugee status approved . Between January 2015 and June 2016 , applications from about 500,000 of them were rejected .
Nine - in - ten Israeli Druze say they have a strong sense of belonging to the Druze community and about the same number ( 93 % ) say they are proud to be Druze . Roughly two - thirds say they have a special responsibility to take care of Druze in need around the world . About seven - in - ten Druze ( 72 % ) say their religious identity is very important to them .
Three decades ago , most Americans felt it would be troubling to have a child tell them he or she was gay : In a 1985 Los Angeles Times survey , nine - in - ten American adults ( 89 % ) said they would be upset if this happened , and just 9 % said they would not be . But views of homosexuality have shifted over time , and today nearly six - in - ten ( 57 % ) say they would not be upset if they had a child come out as gay or lesbian
70 % say there should be a way for undocumented immigrants to stay in the country legally , if they meet certain requirements . Most of those who support legal status think there should be a way for unauthorized immigrants to become citizens ( 43 % overall ) , while 24 % say the path should only include permanent residency .
more describe Russia as a serious problem but not an adversary ( 43 % ) than say it represents an adversary ( 26 % ) . Just 22 % say Russia is not much of a problem .
By a margin of nearly two - to - one ( 62 % to 32 % ) , more Americans now say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry than say they are opposed .
Overall , 29 % of Americans followed stock market news very closely and 14 % listed this as their most closely followed story of the week .
A wide majority of voters say voting was “ very easy ” for them personally , regardless of how or when they voted . Overall , 77 % of those who voted in person say voting was very easy for them . Slightly fewer of those who report voting by mail say the same ( 72 % ) . There is little difference between the two groups in the share saying it was difficult . Voters who cast their vote before Election Day are just as likely as those who voted on Election Day to say the experience was easy : 75 % of early voters say it was very easy for them compared with 77 % of those who turned out on Election Day .
Still , Democrats in particular are somewhat more likely today than they were last year to say the term “ Democrat ” describes them very well : 39 % say this today , compared with 33 % in March 2016 . Another 51 % of Democrats say the term describes them fairly well . Even fewer Republicans ( 31 % ) say the term “ Republican ” applies very well to them ; most Republicans ( 58 % ) say it describes them fairly well .
While Obama ’s job rating has been below 50 % for the past year , it stands eight points higher than that of his predecessor , George W. Bush , at a comparable point eight years ago . In July 2006 , 36 % approved of Bush ’s job performance .
only one - in - four Germans say the countries of the EU are the world ’s leading economic power , compared with 41 % who name China and 24 % who name the U.S.
Almost all of the quiz - takers ( 94 % ) say they have a library card , compared with 61 % of the general population , and 87 % have visited a library in the past year . Even more notably , 88 % have used a public library website in the past year — almost three times the rate of the Americans population overall ( 30 % ) .
The vast majority of U.S. Muslims say belief in God is essential ( 85 % ) to their religious identity , according to a Pew Research Center survey of 1,001 U.S. Muslims conducted between January and May of this year . An additional 10 % say belief in God is “ important but not essential . ” For many , being Muslim also is tied to love for the Prophet Muhammad ( 72 % say this is essential to what being Muslim means to them ) .
61 % say they think a health reform bill will pass over the next year , while 34 % think it will not .
Hispanics are the fastest - growing major racial or ethnic group in local police departments in the United States . In 2013 , Hispanics made up 12 % of full - time sworn officers , up 7 percentage points since the late 1980s , according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics .
President Peña Nieto ’s popularity has declined over the past year . Just 44 % express a favorable opinion of him , down 7 percentage points since 2014 and down 12 points from a spring 2012 poll conducted just months before he was elected president .
a little over four - in - ten Americans say it is more important to have a close relationship with Germany ( 43 % ) , while nearly the same share ( 44 % ) prioritize relations with China .
Asked whether or not the growing world population will be a major problem , 59 % of Americans agreed it will strain the planet ’s natural resources , while 82 % of U.S.-based members of the American Association for the Advancement of Science said the same . Just 17 % of AAAS scientists and 38 % of Americans said population growth wo n’t be a problem because we will find a way to stretch natural resources .
Overall , 55 % said in the Jan. 7 - 11 survey that their family ’s income is falling behind the cost of living , while 37 % say it ’s staying about even ; only 6 % think their family income is going up faster than the cost of living .
Even though many people in the nations surveyed say they want less immigration , there is considerable support for accepting both refugees who flee violence ( a median of 77 % ) and immigrants who are highly skilled ( 64 % ) . At the same time , large shares back deporting immigrants currently in the country illegally ( a median of 69 % ) . When asked if highly skilled people from other nations should be encouraged to move to their country , roughly half or more in eight of 10 European countries polled support this approach .
A majority ( 57 % ) of British adults younger than 30 say this , compared with 70 % of those ages 30 to 49 and 82 % of those 50 and older .
Democrats are now the only partisan group in which a majority ( 64 % ) say the government is doing at least fairly well ( down from 85 % in January ) . Independents ’ positive ratings have dropped 25 points , from 69 % to 44 % . And just 27 % of Republicans now say the government is doing very or fairly well reducing the terrorist threat , down from 63 % at the beginning of the year .
A 63 % majority of Americans say stricter environmental regulations are worth the cost . When asked to choose , most Americans say stricter environmental regulations are worthwhile , while 30 % think such laws and regulations cost too many jobs and hurt the economy .
Hispanic women favored Democrats over Republicans by a margin of 66 % to 32 % , compared with 57 % to 41 % among Hispanic men .
the share of couples in which the wife is the one “ marrying down ” educationally is higher than those in which the husband has more education . Among married women in 2012 , 21 % had spouses who were less educated than they were — a threefold increase from 1960 , according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of Census data . The share of couples where the husband ’s education exceeds his wife ’s increased steadily from 1960 to 1990 , but has fallen since then to 20 % in 2012 .
About six - in - ten ( 58 % ) say the U.S. effort against Islamic militants in Iraq and Syria is going either not too well ( 39 % ) or not at all well ( 19 % ) ; 35 % say the campaign is going either very ( 7 % ) or fairly ( 28 % ) well .
Many foreign STEM graduates enrolled with OPT after executive actions in 2008 and 2016 initially doubled ( 29 months ) , then later tripled ( 36 months ) , the maximum length of employment for foreign students with STEM degrees . The number of foreign STEM graduates participating in OPT grew by 400 % since the first employment extension was introduced in 2008 .
while a majority of Americans ( 55 % ) oppose same - sex marriage , a sizable minority ( 37 % ) favor it , figures that have varied only slightly since 2001 . A 2006 Pew survey also found that a majority of Americans ( 54 % ) favor allowing civil unions , up from 45 % in 2003 .
A majority across five Latin American countries surveyed in the spring of 2015 said they approved of the thawing of relations between the U.S. and Cuba . Nearly eight - in - ten in Chile ( 79 % ) , Argentina ( 78 % ) and Venezuela ( 77 % ) said they approved of the renewal of relations between the U.S. and Cuba , as did 67 % of those in Brazil and 54 % of those in Mexico .
Fully 75 % of Democrats are bothered a lot by the feeling that corporations do not pay their fair share of taxes , and 72 % say the same about wealthy people not paying their fair share .
Nine - in - ten Biden voters said this about the prospect of a Trump victory , and 89 % of Trump voters said it about the prospect of a Biden win . And around eight - in - ten in both camps said Biden and Trump supporters not only disagree over politics and policies , but that they also disagree over core American values and goals .
Many are skeptical about the need for cosmetic procedures and other current enhancements . For example , 61 % of Americans say people are too quick to undergo cosmetic procedures to change their appearance in ways that are not really important . Roughly a third ( 34 % ) say elective cosmetic surgery is “ taking technology too far . ” And , overall , 54 % of U.S. adults say elective cosmetic surgery leads to both benefits and downsides for society , while 26 % express the belief that there are more downsides than benefits , and just 16 % say society receives more benefits than downsides from cosmetic surgery .
Overall , 55 % say they disapprove of the way Trump is handling his job as president , compared with 38 % who say they approve of his job performance .
Americans are slightly more concerned about cyberattacks ( 74 % major threat ) than are Germans ( 66 % ) , and Germans are more likely to consider climate change as a major concern ( 71 % ) compared with Americans ( 59 % ) .
only about 6.9 % of the adult population has a mixed - race background . And by the Census Bureau ’s definition the share is just 2.1 % .
There is no consensus as to whether in the future Turkey should look to Europe ( 17 % ) or to the Middle East ( 25 % ) . Nearly four - in - ten ( 37 % ) volunteer that both are equally important , while 6 % say that neither are important and 15 % do not offer an opinion .
News about Libya accounted for 41 % of news coverage this week , compared with just 15 % devoted to the Japan crisis , according to the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ) . Just a week earlier , news from Japan accounted for more than half ( 57 % ) of all news coverage .
Nearly two - thirds ( 63 % ) of consistent conservatives and about half ( 49 % ) of consistent liberals say most of their close friends share their political views . Among those with mixed ideological values , just 25 % say the same . People on the right and left also are more likely to say it is important to them to live in a place where most people share their political views , though again , that desire is more widespread on the right ( 50 % ) than on the left ( 35 % ) .
Three - in - ten Americans paid very close attention to news about the presidential campaign last week , however , only 11 % listed the campaign as the single news story they were following more closely than any other — putting it in fourth place behind the economy , the troubles facing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , and the situation in Iraq . Fully 45 % of the public followed news about the economy very closely and 29 % listed this as their most closely followed story .
About three - quarters of Muslim Americans ( 74 % ) say President Donald Trump is unfriendly toward them , according to a new Pew Research Center survey .
About seven - in - ten Americans ( 72 % ) say that changing an unborn baby ’s genetic characteristics to treat a serious disease or condition that the baby would have at birth is an appropriate use of medical technology , while 27 % say this would be taking technology too far . A somewhat smaller share of Americans say gene editing to reduce a baby ’s risk of developing a serious disease or condition over their lifetime is appropriate ( 60 % say this , while 38 % say it would be taking medical technology too far ) .
53 % of Americans say that abortion should be legal in all ( 23 % ) or most cases ( 31 % ) ; 39 % say that abortion should be illegal in all ( 16 % ) or most cases ( 23 % ) .
Mexico ’s military continues to be highly rated , with about six - in - ten ( 61 % ) saying the military has a positive impact on the way things are going in the country .
Nearly six - in - ten black Democrats ( 57 % ) say that Trump ’s economic policies have made economic conditions in the country worse . Smaller shares of white ( 47 % ) and Hispanic ( 43 % ) Democrats say the same .
Overall , 69 % of voters who are closely following reports about corruption say most members should not be reelected in 2006 , far more antagonism than among people who are less engaged in the story . And among independents , these feelings are even stronger . Fully 77 % of independent voters who are closely tracking this news story believe most members should be voted out this fall .
When it comes to Barack Obama , 90 % say they already pretty much know what they need to know about him ; just 8 % say they need to learn more . A substantial majority ( 69 % ) also says they already mostly know what they need to know about Mitt Romney . Only about a quarter ( 28 % ) say they need to learn more to get a clear impression of Romney .
The number of unauthorized immigrants in the labor force – working or looking for work – declined to 7.6 million in 2017 , less than the total of the previous year and notably less than in 2007 , when they were 8.2 million . Unauthorized immigrants made up 4.6 % of the labor force in 2017 , down from 5.4 % in 2007 . Unauthorized immigrants made up 4.6% of the labor force in 2017, down from 5.4% in 2007.
A majority of Americans say frustration ( 55 % ) best describes their feeling toward the federal government , while about two - in - ten say they are angry ( 22 % ) ; a similar share ( 19 % ) say they are basically content .
The share of Democrats holding consistently liberal views has grown steadily over the past 20 years , quadrupling from 5 % in 1994 to 23 % today .
About half of Hispanic adults ( 49 % ) are very concerned about unknowingly spreading COVID-19 to others , compared with 38 % of black adults and 28 % of white adults . And Hispanics ( 43 % ) and blacks ( 31 % ) are far more likely than whites ( 18 % ) to be very concerned over getting COVID-19 and needing to be hospitalized .
Overall , 38 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners view her favorably , while 18 % view her unfavorably and 44 % are unable to rate her . Among Republicans and Republican leaners , 31 % hold an unfavorable view of the German chancellor , compared with 22 % who have a favorable view and 47 % who do not offer a rating .
Three - quarters of Americans said in October that they view North Korea ’s nuclear program as a “ major threat ” to the U.S. , up from 64 % in January and as high a share as at any point since 2005 . Majorities in both parties said the U.S. should take the North ’s threats very seriously ; that the North is really willing to follow through on its threats to use nuclear weapons against the U.S. ; and that the North is capable of launching a missile that could reach the U.S.
In Georgia , Democrat Michelle Nunn won 57 % of the Latino vote to Republican David Perdue ’s 42 % . But Perdue won the election . In Texas , the Latino vote was split between incumbent Republican John Cornyn ( 48 % ) and Democrat David Alameel ( 47 % ) , as Cornyn won support from nearly half of Latinos .
Americans and Germans are worlds apart on the overall state of their relationship . In the U.S. , seven - in - ten say the relationship is good , while 73 % in Germany say the relationship is bad . Among Germans , this constitutes a sharp elevation in negative assessments since 2017 , when 56 % said the relationship was bad .
In one group , 58 % of smart speaker owners say they would not like their speaker to do a better job of taking their interests and preferences into account in the future , compared with 42 % who would like their speakers to do a better job taking their interests and preferences into account .
Over the course of the nation’s history, there has been a slow but steady decrease in the size of the average U.S. household – from 5.79 people per household in 1790 to 2.58 in 2010. But this decade will likely be the first since the one that began in 1850 Over the course of the nation ’s history , there has been a slow but steady decrease in the size of the average U.S. household – from 5.79 people per household in 1790 to 2.58 in 2010 .
roughly nine - in - ten Democrats with a high level of knowledge about science ( 89 % ) said human activity contributes a great deal to climate change , compared with 41 % of Democrats with low science knowledge
In raw numbers , Turkey hosted more refugees than any other country last year : almost 1.6 million ( or about 2 % of the country ’s population ) , including more than 1.5 million refugees from Syria and about 25,000 from Iraq , Iran and Afghanistan .
By contrast , smaller shares of Americans who live in urban areas ( 13 % ) or the suburbs ( 9 % ) view access to high - speed internet service as a major problem in their area .
Changes in unemployment during the recession reveal a rapidly worsening situation for foreign - born Hispanics , native - born Hispanics and blacks in the labor market . The unemployment rates for these groups increased by similar amounts from the fourth quarter of 2007 to the fourth quarter of 2008 .
Currently , 40 % of whites say race relations are generally good , compared with 28 % of blacks and 33 % of Hispanics who say this .
The Gallup Organization has tracked voter preferences in House races for more than half a century , and its final midterm election polls have consistently paralleled actual election results . Indeed , on average , the final Gallup Poll has been within 1.1 % of the actual vote .
10 % of adult Twitter users in the U.S. produce 80 % of all tweets sent by these users .
Across the Middle East and North Africa , ISIS is seen as the leading threat in all four countries in which the item was tested . This sentiment is nearly universal in Lebanon , with 97 % saying ISIS poses a major threat to their country . Large majorities in Tunisia ( 79 % ) , Jordan ( 76 % ) and Israel ( 63 % ) agree .
a sizable minority of The state of the U.S. economy and the health care debate in Washington shared the position of American ’s top story last week . One - in - five named either the economy ( 21 % ) or health care ( 21 % ) as the news they followed more closely than any other . These two stories also received comparable levels of new coverage according to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism : 13 % of total news was devoted to the economy and 11 % to the debate on reforming health care .
By more than two - to - one , more Republicans ( 72 % ) than Democrats ( 34 % ) currently favor the death penalty . Two decades ago , when majorities in both parties favored the death penalty , the partisan gap was only 16 percentage points ( 87 % of Republicans vs. 71 % of Democrats ) .
Political tweeters – defined as those who tweeted at least five times in total , and at least twice about national politics , over the year of the study period – are almost twice as likely as other Twitter users to say the people they follow on Twitter have political beliefs similar to their own ( 38 % of political tweeters say this , compared with around one - in - five among nonpolitical tweeters ) . By contrast , nonpolitical tweeters are more likely to say they are n’t sure about the political beliefs of the people they follow or that they follow people with a mix of political views .
While most online environments were viewed as equally welcoming to both genders , the starkest results were for online gaming . Some 44 % of respondents felt the platform was more welcoming toward men .
Currently , fewer than half of registered voters in both parties – 43 % of Democrats and 40 % of Republicans – say they are satisfied with their choices for president .
Two - in - ten say they followed news about the condition of the U.S. economy most closely among the leading stories . More than four - in - ten ( 43 % ) say they followed economic news very closely , comparable to the share following the economy very closely in recent weeks . According to PEJ , coverage of the economic crisis took up 9 % of the newshole . Close to two - in - ten ( 18 % ) say they followed reports about General Motors ’ plans to file bankruptcy most closely . A third say they followed those stories very closely , while another 40 % followed them fairly closely .
Fully 87 % of Democrats like leaders who are willing to make compromises in order to get the job done , compared with 70 % of Republicans .
Sizable majorities of Democrats say a number of groups will lose influence with Trump in the White House : 81 % say the influence of the poor will decline ; 78 % say the same about Hispanics ; 74 % each say women and gays and lesbians will lose influence ; and 73 % say this about blacks .
A large majority of Americans (78%) feel a strong sense of gratitude or thankfulness on a weekly basis, according to a new poll by the But it ’s not the only time they do so . A large majority of Americans ( 78 % ) feel a strong sense of gratitude or thankfulness on a weekly basis , according to a new poll by the Pew Research Center . And only 6 % of Americans say they seldom or never experience these feelings .
The national survey by the Pew Research Center , conducted April 18 - 21 among 1,002 adults , finds that the public is evenly divided over whether there is more the government can do to prevent attacks like the one in Boston : 49 % say there is more the government can do to prevent such attacks , but nearly as many ( 45 % ) say there is not much more that can be done .
Currently , 49 % of Americans say it is more important to protect the right of Americans to own guns , while 46 % say it is more important to control gun ownership .
In 2017 , just 36 % of Republicans and Republican leaners said colleges and universities have a positive effect on the way things are going in the country , an 18 - percentage - point decline from two years prior . By contrast , 72 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners said colleges and universities have a positive effect , which was little changed from prior years .
Currently , 62 % of voters say Trump has been too personally critical of Clinton , which is about 10 percentage points higher than the previous peak ( 53 % said that about Bob Dole in 1996 , 52 % for John Kerry in 2004 ) . Just 36 % say he has not been too critical of Clinton . By comparison , 44 % say Clinton has been too personally critical of her opponent , which is higher than the share saying that about Barack Obama during either of his campaigns .
More than seven - in - ten ( 73 % ) believe rising prices are a very big problem . About two - thirds of the public says corrupt officials ( 66 % ) , terrorism ( 65 % ) and crime ( 64 % ) are very big problems .
Currently 62 % of the population , they will make up 46 % of it in 2065 . Hispanics will be 24 % of the population ( 18 % now ) , Asians will be 14 % ( 6 % now ) and blacks will be 13 % ( 12 % now ) .
The share of countries with “ high ” or “ very high ” levels of social hostilities involving religion remained stable at 27 % .
About a quarter of U.S. adults ( 24 % ) say tax rates on corporations and large businesses should be lowered , while roughly twice as many ( 52 % ) say they should be raised . Another 21 % say corporate tax rates should be kept the same as they are now .
About half of Americans ( 52 % ) expressed worry about surveillance programs in 2014 and 2015 , but they had more muted concerns about surveillance of their own data . Roughly four - in - ten said they were somewhat or very concerned about government monitoring of their activity on search engines , email messages and cellphones . Roughly three - in - ten expressed the same amount of concern over monitoring of their activity on social media and mobile apps .
Roughly three - quarters ( 76 % ) of web users who get political news from The Colbert Report also get news from The Daily Show , another satirical show whose audience also skews liberal , younger and male . Many Colbert Report viewers also get their news from CNN , local TV news and NPR .
More than a third of Americans ( 37 % ) say they heard a lot last week about a Rutgers University student who committed suicide after other students streamed live video of him having a sexual encounter in his dorm room over the internet . About a quarter ( 24 % ) say they heard a lot about a controversy concerning the immigration status of California Republican gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman ’s housekeeper . About as many ( 23 % ) say they heard a lot about a recall of Fisher Price toys and other products .
Americans continue to track news about the still - struggling economy closely . A quarter say this was the story they followed more closely than any other last week . Another 19 % say they followed the continuing financial troubles of U.S. automakers General Motors and Chrysler most closely .
Nearly six - in - ten ( 59 % ) Republican and Republican leaning voters say they have an excellent or good impression of their party ’s presidential candidates , which is little changed from May of this year ( 57 % ) . In August 2011 , 49 % of Republican voters viewed the GOP presidential field positively ; in October 2007 , 50 % had a favorable impression of the candidates as a group .
Overall , 46 % of registered voters say that life in America today is worse than it was 50 years ago “ for people like them , ” while 34 % say life is better and 14 % think it is about the same .
One - in - seven U.S. infants ( 14 % ) are multiracial or multiethnic . This share is nearly triple the share ( 5 % ) in 1980 . Multiracial or multiethnic infants include children younger than 1 year old who live with two parents and whose parents are each of a different race , those with one Hispanic and one non - Hispanic parent , and those with at least one parent who identifies as multiracial .
Fully 81 % see the deficit as a major problem that must be addressed now – rather than one that can be addressed when the economy improves – up from 70 % late last year .
In fall 2015 , the share of nonwhite students in U.S. public elementary and secondary schools hit a record 51 % . That ’s up from 30 % in fall 1986 . Growth has been especially fast among Hispanic students , who increased from 10 % of students in 1986 to 26 % in 2015 . At the same time , nonwhites continue to make up a relatively small share of teachers : In the 2015 - 16 school year , just 20 % of public school elementary and secondary teachers were nonwhite , up from 13 % in 1987 - 88 .
Americans continue to say they are highly interested in the health care debate : 36 % say it was the story they followed most closely last week , more than double the percentage for any other major story .
By nearly four - to - one ( 47 % to 12 % ) Indians say the United States is today the world ’s leading economic power rather than China .
The bureau ’s annual population estimates for July 1 , 2012 , placed the minority share at 50.1 % .
17 % of workers say they use social media to build or strengthen personal relationships at work – but the transparency that social media facilitates comes with costs as well as benefits . Some 14 % of workers have found information on social media that has improved their professional opinion of a colleague ; at the same time , a similar share ( 16 % ) have found information on social media that has lowered their professional opinion of a colleague .
34 % ) citing economic problems as the nation ’s most grave , compared with 27 % who say the war in Iraq is the biggest problem facing the nation . This represents a reversal from a year ago , when 42 % cited Iraq as the most important problem in the wake of Bush ’s proposal to increase the number of troops there . As recently as September , 37 % of Americans cited Iraq as the nation ’s biggest problem , nearly double the 20 % who cited economic problems . But current views are more in line with public opinion in 2005 and 2006 , when roughly equal numbers cited economic concerns and Iraq as the nation ’s biggest problem .
Overall , the public remains skeptical about the prospects of Cuba shifting in a democratic direction but more ( 43 % ) say they think the communist country will become more democratic over the next several years than did so in January ( 32 % ) . About half ( 49 % ) say they expect Cuba to stay about the same as it is now .
By about four - to - one ( 80 % to 18 % ) , African Americans say the shooting in Ferguson raises important issues about race that merit discussion . By contrast , whites , by 47 % to 37 % , say the issue of race is getting more attention than it deserves .
the public is also more likely to say they are “ not at all confident ” in Trump ’s decision making on tax policy ( 42 % ) than to say this about either party ’s leaders in Congress ( 31 % say this about GOP leaders , 24 % about Democratic leaders ) .
the share of Americans who say the government is doing well in reducing the threat of terrorism has fallen by 26 percentage points – from 72 % to 46 % – and now stands at its lowest point in the post-9/11 era .
Just 21 % of Americans say relations between Republicans and Democrats will get better in the coming year . Far more ( 37 % ) expect relations to worsen , while 41 % say they will stay about the same .
Democrats were roughly twice as likely as Republicans to say criticism from news organizations keeps political leaders from doing things that should n’t be done ( 89 % versus 42 % ) . When the Center last asked this question in January and February 2016 , about three - quarters of both Democrats ( 74 % ) and Republicans ( 77 % ) said this .
Overall , 58 % of U.S. adults believe it is essential to include the use of human astronauts in the U.S. space program , while 41 % say astronauts are not essential .
Views of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad are negative across all of the Middle Eastern and North African nations surveyed . Only 7 % in Israel and 1 % in Jordan view Assad positively . Syrians living in Jordan have similarly negative views of the Syrian president ; only 3 % have a favorable view of Assad .
A majority of U.S. adults ( 82 % ) say that there are times when it is acceptable for journalists to use anonymous sources , with 67 % saying it is acceptable only in special cases – a view which echoes the standards of professional journalism organizations that say journalists should take every step to attribute information to a named source when possible before relying on an anonymous source . A much smaller share – 15 % – thinks use of anonymous sources is always acceptable . About two - in - ten Americans ( 18 % ) think it is never acceptable .
Among the foreign policy experts polled by Pew Research Center , nearly nine - in - ten ( 88 % ) say they lack confidence in Trump to do the right thing regarding world affairs . A median of 76 % among the European and North American publics agree . Nearly as many foreign policy experts describe Trump as “ dangerous . ” A median of roughly seven - in - ten across the publics surveyed share this view .
In 2018 , half of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents said significant changes to American government were needed ; today , that share has dropped to 41 % . A majority ( 57 % ) now says no significant changes are needed . At the same time , Democrats have grown more likely to say significant changes are needed . In 2018 , 68 % of Democrats said substantial change was necessary . Today , 79 % of Democrats say changes are needed to make government work for current times .
Currently about half of Republicans ( 49 % ) say they are satisfied with the state of the nation . Though this is unchanged since February , it is up from 24 % in January and 11 % in late October , a few weeks before the 2016 election . Throughout the course of Barack Obama ’s presidency , no more than about two - in - ten Republicans expressed satisfaction with the way things were going in the country . By contrast , Democrats ’ satisfaction with the country has plummeted following the election : Just 16 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say they are satisfied with the way things are going today .
In Lebanon , which shares a long border with conflict - ridden Syria , 92 % of the public is worried about Islamic extremism , up 11 points from the already high figure of 81 % in 2013 . Lebanese Christians ( 95 % ) , Shia Muslims ( 95 % ) and Sunni Muslims ( 86 % ) all share high levels of concern .
nearly or about half of readers of the local daily paper in Denver ( 46 % ) , Macon , Ga. ( 48 % ) , and Sioux City , Iowa ( 53 % ) did not access the paper online .
Approval ratings for both Republican and Democratic congressional leaders remain negative on balance and are lower than they were in February . Today , 29 % say they approve of the job Democratic leaders in Congress are doing , down from 37 % in February . Ratings for Republican leaders in Congress are even worse : just 22 % say they approve of the job they are doing .
Relatively prosperous Americans have multiple internet and other devices , with higher ownership of cell phones ( 95 % ) , desktop and laptop computers ( 79 % each ) , mp3 players ( 70 % ) , and game consoles ( 54 % ) relative to other income groups .
Opinions about whether congressional Democrats are keeping the promises they made during the campaign are similar to Pelosi ’s job approval : 40 % say Democrats are keeping their campaign promises , while a somewhat larger share ( 46 % ) say Democrats are not keeping their promises .
About half of Americans ( 51 % ) say NAFTA has been a good thing for the U.S. , including 11 % who say it has been very good . That compares with 74 % of Canadians who say the agreement has been good for Canada , including 20 % who say it has been very good . Among Mexicans , 60 % see NAFTA as being good for their country , including 10 % who hold that view strongly .
Overall , 85 % of teens in a romantic relationship expect to hear from their partner or significant other at least once a day , if not more often . 11 % expect to hear from their partner hourly . 35 % expect to hear something every few hours . 38 % expect to hear from their significant other once a day .
In 2015 , about 4.9 million people born in the UK lived in other countries , the 10th - largest emigrant population in the world . Overall , about 8 % of those born in the UK live outside its borders . By contrast , only about 1 % of those born in the U.S. live outside of the United States . Among the 10 countries with the highest number of emigrants , the UK is the only Western European country to appear on the list . Other top origin countries of emigrants include India ( 15.6 million ) , Mexico ( 12.3 million ) and Russia ( 10.6 million ) .
In India nearly half of adults ( 47 % ) say they use a basic mobile phone that can not connect to the internet . Sizable shares in Kenya ( 40 % ) , Tunisia ( 37 % ) and Venezuela ( 36 % ) also report using a basic phone . Feature phones are generally the least common devices in the countries surveyed , with few adults ( median of 4 % ) saying they own or share a device that can connect to the internet but is not a smartphone .
Economic issues – improving the job situation , strengthening the economy and reducing the budget deficit – are now viewed as less important policy priorities than they were just a few years ago , according to a survey conducted earlier this month .
The Census Bureau statistics indicate that demographic change is percolating upward through the nation ’s age groups , starting with the youngest ones . In fact , the bureau estimates indicate that 50.3 % of children younger than 5 were racial or ethnic minorities in 2015 .
In April 2017 , 84 % of those who consistently identified with or leaned toward the Republican Party approved of Trump ’s job performance – with 66 % approving strongly .
Overall , whites are less likely than blacks to say that blacks face at least some discrimination ( 77 % vs. 91 % ) . Among whites , there is a wide partisan gap in views of discrimination against blacks ( 91 % of white Democrats and Democratic leaners say there is at least some discrimination against blacks in our society , compared with 66 % of white Republicans ) . A similar pattern is seen for Hispanics . Whites overall are less likely to say that Hispanics face discrimination ( 73 % of whites say this , compared with 86 % of Hispanics ) .
The European countries included in the survey hold differing views on how immigrants impact society and the economy . A median of 53 % say that migrants make their country stronger through their hard work and talents , while 41 % believe they take jobs and social benefits .
The Pew Research Center ’s early - April survey found that the public ’s spending priorities vary greatly depending on the specific issue . At that time , more prioritized spending to make health care more accessible and affordable over reducing the budget deficit by a 59%-to-35 % margin , and a majority also prioritized increased education spending over deficit reduction by about the same margin . But when it came to spending more to develop new energy technology , opinion was divided more evenly , with 49 % prioritizing energy spending and 45 % deficit reduction .
Nicotine was the most commonly cited substance being used in e - cigarettes for most groups of students in 2018 . Vaping just flavoring , by comparison , was more common for 12th graders ( 14 % ) , 10th graders ( 13 % ) and eighth graders ( 8 % ) than for college students ( 5 % ) in the previous month .
Among Republicans and Republican leaners , younger adults have much more positive views of colleges and universities than older adults . About half ( 52 % ) of Republicans ages 18 to 29 say colleges and universities have a positive impact on the country , compared with just 27 % of those 65 and older .
Bush ’s job approval rating among registered voters has risen from 37 % in early October , to 41 % in the current survey .
Those Venezuelans who place themselves on the left side of the ideological spectrum are much more likely to have a favorable view of Cuba ( 79 % ) than those who place themselves on the right side of the spectrum ( 25 % ) .
Large majorities around the world say they follow national and local news closely ( global medians of 86 % and 78 % respectively ) . In all 38 countries , more than two - thirds say this of news about their own country . The same is true of news about their city or town in 32 countries . People are much less interested in news about other countries ( global median of 57 % ) . In only six countries do more than two - thirds say they pay close attention to news about the rest of the world .
When asked about the tradeoff between democracy and stability , 54 % of Egyptians say that having a stable government is more important , even if there is a risk it wo n’t be fully democratic . Only 44 % think having a democratic government is more important .
Americans are more favorable toward the UN than not : 62 % have a positive view , while 31 % have a negative view .
Far more Americans have a favorable opinion of their local government ( 67 % ) than of the federal government ( 35 % ) . In addition , there is substantial satisfaction with the quality of candidates running for Congress and local elections in recent elections . That stands in contrast with views of the recent presidential candidates ; just 41 % say the quality of presidential candidates in recent elections has been good .
70 % in the UK disapprove of the EU ’s handling of the refugee issue and 55 % said the same about the EU ’s dealing with economic issues .
While adults under 30 favored military action by three - to - one ( 69 % favor-23 % oppose ) , adults 65 and older offered less support ( 51%-31 % ) . And during the past decade of Pew Research polling , adults 65 and older consistently have been the least likely to say the U.S. made the right decision in using military force in Iraq .
Fully 73 % say improving the educational system should be a top priority in 2017 . Other top priorities include defending the country from future terrorist attacks ( 69 % ) and strengthening the nation ’s economy ( 66 % ) .
The share of primary schools with an officer present grew much faster during this period than the share of secondary schools with an officer on site , which increased from 58 % to 65 % .
Among both Republicans and Democrats , however , majorities place the U.S. among the greatest nations , rather than saying it stands above others or that other nations are superior . In the new survey , 60 % of Democrats and 52 % of Republicans say the U.S. is one of the greatest countries in the world , again little changed from 2015 .
In the U.S. , Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are more likely than Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents to favor increased defense spending in Europe . However , the share among Republicans who think the U.S. ’s European allies should increase their defense budgets has fallen by 14 percentage points between 2017 and 2019 . There has also been a more modest decline in this view among Democrats .
The president ’s current rating is 72 % , statistically unchanged from 74 % immediately after the fall of Baghdad , but notably higher than his prewar approval rating of 55 % .
Looking at the 20 nations surveyed in both 2008 and 2013 , the median percentage naming the U.S. as the world ’s leading economic power has declined from 47 % to 41 % , while the median percentage placing China in the top spot has risen from 20 % to 34 % .
The public has long sympathized more with Israel than the Palestinians in the Middle East conflict and that continues to be the case . More than four times as many people say they sympathize with Israel rather than the Palestinians ( 49 % to 11 % ) ; 15 % say they sympathize with neither side , while a sizable proportion offers no opinion ( 20 % ) .
No more than a third of people report a “ great deal ” of confidence in any of these groups to act in the public interest . Overall , more people express positive than negative confidence in scientists , but a 55 % majority express only a soft confidence in scientists to act in the public interest .
An 83 % majority of the public says vaccines for diseases such as measles , mumps and rubella ( MMR ) are safe for healthy children , while about one - in - ten ( 9 % ) think such vaccines are not safe . An additional 7 % volunteer that they do n’t know .
Of the 84,995 refugees admitted to the United States in fiscal year 2016 , the largest numbers came from the Democratic Republic of Congo , Syria , Burma ( Myanmar ) and Iraq .
In a Pew Research Center survey conducted in March , 63 % of people said they had a favorable opinion of their local government , a level that ’s stayed fairly constant over several years ; 57 % expressed favorable views of their state government , a five - point uptick from last year . But just 28 % rated the federal government favorably , versus 65 % unfavorably ; the favorability rating was five points lower than a year earlier and the lowest ever in a Pew Research Center survey .
Among the roughly two - thirds of Republicans and Republican leaners who describe their political views as conservative , 60 % say stricter laws cost too many jobs and hurt the economy . Among the party ’s moderates and liberals ( who make up about a third of all Republicans and GOP leaners ) , 60 % say stricter environmental laws are worth the cost .
76 % would have favored amending the Imperial Household Act to allow a female to take the throne.
The typical outlet is between four and six years old ; editorially , it is focused on coverage of local or even neighborhood - level news ; it is just as likely to operate as a nonprofit organization as for - profit model ; and it has a lean full - time editorial staff of three or fewer people .
nearly half of AAAS scientists – 47 % – use social media to talk about science or read about scientific developments at least some of the time .
Today , Republicans ( 21 % ) and Democrats ( 24 % ) are about equally likely to express anger about the federal government . This reflects substantial shifts within both parties over the last year : Levels of anger toward the federal government have fallen sharply among Republicans , while levels among Democrats are up significantly . Among Republicans and Republican - leaning independents the share feeling angry toward the federal government is down 12 percentage points from March 2016 ( from 33 % to 21 % ) .
While the public expresses favorable views of many federal agencies , the VA received the lowest rating among 10 agencies and departments in a Pew Research Center survey earlier this year . Roughly half of U.S. adults ( 49 % ) had a favorable view of the VA and 34 % expressed an unfavorable view .
Overall , 49 % of Americans say that TPP would be a good thing for their country , while 29 % think it would be a bad thing .
The latest nationwide survey by the Pew Research Center finds 48 % approving and 43 % disapproving of Bush ’s overall job performance .
teen summer employment followed a fairly regular pattern : rising during economic good times and falling during and after recessions , but generally fluctuating between 46 % ( the low , in 1963 ) and 58 % ( the peak , in 1978 ) .
About seven - in - ten ( 69 % ) say that the law requires uninsured people to get health insurance .
a 56 % majority of Americans say it is unacceptable for the U.S. to monitor the phones of allied leaders , while 36 % say the practice is acceptable .
About half ( 52 % ) say either that Trump has not taken the risks seriously enough ( 23 % ) or that he has n’t taken them seriously at all ( 29 % ) ; 37 % say he ’s gotten the risks about right .
An overwhelming majority of U.S. adults ( 88 % ) say the benefits of the MMR vaccine outweigh the risks – the same share as in 2016 , when the Center last asked this question – while the share who consider its preventive health benefits to be “ very high ” has grown by 11 percentage points during that time ( from 45 % to 56 % ) . A 69 % majority of Americans consider the risk of side effects from the vaccine to be either low or very low , about the same as in 2016 .
Private households were the most immigrant - intensive “ industry ” in 2014 . Of the 947,000 people working for private households , 45 % were immigrants , with lawful immigrants slightly outnumbering unauthorized immigrants . The industries with the next - biggest shares of immigrant workers were textile , apparel and leather manufacturers ( 36 % ) and the farm sector : A third ( 33 % ) of the nearly 2 million agriculture workers in 2014 were born outside the U.S.
Currently , 51 % say that protecting the environment should be a top priority for the president and Congress this year , which is little changed over the past two years . The percentage of the public rating environmental protection as a major policy goal hit a high point of 63 % , after George W. Bush ’s election , and fell to about 40 % in Obama ’s first years in office .
States in the West and Southwest tend to have the highest shares of K-12 students with unauthorized immigrant parents . In six states , the share is 10 % or more : Nevada ( 17.6 % ) ranked first , followed by Texas ( 13.4 % ) , California ( 12.3 % ) , Arizona ( 12.2 % ) , Colorado ( 10.2 % ) and New Mexico ( 10.1 % ) .
Employment in math occupations is expected to grow by 28 % , though that ’s off a fairly small base ( the group had only 152,400 jobs in 2014 ) . Health care ( 18.6 % ) , personal care and service ( 13.1 % ) and computer and information technology ( 12.5 % ) were the other employment sectors with particularly fast projected growth . On the other hand , employment in production occupations is expected to fall by 3.1 % by 2024 ( representing more than 282,000 jobs ) , and employment in farming , fishing and forestry occupations is projected to shrink by 5.9 % .
Around three - in - ten men ages 18 to 29 ( 29 % ) say their views on a political or social issue changed in the past year due to social media .
In 2007 , for instance , 12 % of Boomer and Silent white evangelicals supported same - sex marriage , compared with 19 % of Millennial and Gen Xer white evangelicals .
In our first survey on this in November 2012 , 53 % of adults had visited a library or bookmobile in the past 12 months .
About four - in - ten ( 39 % ) say they have a very great deal ( 7 % ) or good deal ( 31 % ) of trust and confidence in the wisdom of the American people when it comes to making political decisions . A 59 % majority says they have not very much confidence ( 47 % ) or no confidence at all ( 12 % ) in the public ’s political wisdom .
By 69 % to 19 % more hold an unfavorable than favorable view of Russian President Vladimir Putin ; just 13 % do not offer a rating of him . Views of Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu are mixed : 34 % view him favorably , while about as many ( 32 % ) view him unfavorably and 33 % are unable to offer a rating . German Chancellor Angela Merkel is not well known to the public : 48 % do not offer a rating of her ; 29 % view her favorably , while 23 % view her unfavorably .
About three - in - ten Americans ( 31 % ) say they heard a lot last week about the defunct satellite that scientists expected to crash into the earth this past weekend . Another 40 % say they heard a little about this . Nearly three - in - ten ( 28 % ) heard nothing at all about the satellite , which broke up and crashed into the South Pacific .
While 93 % of Democrats say Trump has definitely or probably done things that are grounds for impeachment – including 70 % who say he has definitely done such things – a smaller majority of Republicans ( 80 % ) say he has not . Fewer than half of Republicans ( 46 % ) say Trump has definitely not done things that are grounds for impeachment .
Among both Americans and Russians , there is little confidence in the ability of the other nation ’s president to do the right thing regarding world affairs . Only 21 % of Americans have confidence in Russian President Vladimir Putin to do the right thing – similar to the share who had confidence in him over much of the past decade .
Overall , 45 % say “ using overwhelming military force is the best way to defeat terrorism around the world , ” while about as many ( 46 % ) say “ relying too much on military force to defeat terrorism creates hatred that leads to more terrorism .
since 2013 , there has been a steady decline in both Germany and America in the percentage of those saying the U.S. government respects the personal freedoms of its people . In that year , 81 % of Germans and 69 % of Americans said the U.S. government respected the personal freedoms of its people . But after multiple scandals involving the exposure of National Security Agency eavesdropping , confidence in American respect for civil liberties began to decline . Now , just 35 % of Germans and 51 % of Americans hold this view .
Overall , 47 % of adults say the United States has done a good or excellent job of handling the outbreak
One - in - ten ( 10 % ) say news about the situation in Afghanistan was their top story ; 22 % say they followed news about Afghanistan very closely .
The public places a great deal of personal importance on the right to vote . When asked about the importance of five rights and freedoms , the right to vote ranks about as high as any item on the list . Overall , 91 % of Americans say that the right to vote is essential to their sense of freedom . Only 7 % say it is important but not essential , and just 1 % says it is not important . A comparable share ( 92 % ) considers freedom of speech to be essential to their own sense of freedom .
the gap between the share of Americans who say crime is up nationally and the share who say it is up locally ( 78 % vs. 38 % ) is the widest Gallup has ever recorded .
Democrats continue to be the most positive , with 73 % expressing a favorable view , compared with six - in - ten independents and about half of Republicans ( 49 % ) .
Older Americans are strong supporters of requiring childhood vaccinations – 79 % say they hold that view , compared with 59 % of those under 30 .
Currently , 38 % say they followed news about the debt limit debate very closely , little different from the 34 % that said this one week earlier according to the latest Weekly News Interest Index survey , conducted July 21 - 24 among 999 adults by the Pew Research Center for the People & amp ; the Press . The survey was conducted before the prime - time speeches on July 25 by President Obama and House Speaker John Boehner . About a quarter ( 27 % ) cited the deficit and debt talks as their most closely followed story this week , while 20 % cited news about the economy and 18 % mentioned the intense heat wave sweeping much of the nation .
More than seven - in - ten ( 73 % ) Americans say the health care debate affects them personally , down slightly from the 78 % that said the same in mid - July . In the current survey , 26 % say it does not affect them personally , up slightly from 21 % in July . Nearly all Americans ( 93 % ) view the issue as important , about the same as the 95 % that said the issue was important in July . More than seven - in - ten ( 72 % ) say the issue is interesting , matching the proportion in the earlier survey , 26 % see it as boring .
While the protests in Egypt and winter storms were the stories the public says they followed most closely , many also continued to keep a close watch on economic news . About a third ( 35 % ) say they followed economic news very closely . Only about one - in - ten ( 9 % ) say they followed news about the economy more closely than any other maj0r story last week .
The share of Americans who rate their own personal financial situation positively has fallen to a 17 - year low . Just 35 % of Americans say they are in excellent or good shape financially , down slightly from 38 % in October . The last time personal financial ratings fell to this level was in August of 1992 .
68 % of Canadians now have a favorable view of the U.S. , while just 28 % express an unfavorable opinion .
the public closely tracked news about the economy last week , but the top story by far is the agreement by the president and Congress to cut federal spending and raise the debt limit . Nearly half ( 46 % ) followed news about the last - minute debt deal very closely ; the same percentage followed news about the economy very closely . However , 45 % say the debt limit agreement was the story they followed most closely ; the economy was a distant second , at 19 % .
Trump gets his lowest ratings in Mexico . Over the past decade , U.S. presidents have gotten mixed or negative reviews in Mexico , but at 5 % , Trump registers the lowest confidence rating of any U.S. leader in Mexico since Pew Research Center began surveying there . His rating in Mexico is also the lowest among the 37 nations polled in 2017 .
Trump ended the 2016 campaign with Just 39 % approve of the job Trump has done in explaining his plans and policies , while 41 % approve of his high - level appointments , according to a Pew Research Center national survey , conducted Jan. 4 - 9 among 1,502 adults . These opinions have changed little since December . In January 2009 , just before Barack Obama ’s inauguration , 70 % approved of the job he had done explaining his plans and policies for the future and 66 % said they approved of his Cabinet selections .
About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) think a wall along the entire border with Mexico would lead to a “ major reduction ” in illegal immigration into the U.S. ; another 25 % think it would result in a “ minor reduction . ” A 43 % plurality thinks a border wall would not have much impact on illegal immigration into the U.S.
More than four - in - ten ( 43 % ) say they followed reports about the condition of the economy very closely .
only about a third ( 34 % ) say the campaign has “ focused on important policy debates , ” while 58 % say it has not . Democrats and independents are more likely than Republicans to say the campaign has not focused on key policy debates . By roughly two - to - one , Democrats ( 63 % to 29 % ) and independents ( 62 % to 32 % ) say the campaign has not focused on important policy debates . Republicans are divided – 46 % say the campaign has concentrated on important policy debates while 44 % say it has not .
Only six - in - ten Brazilians now have a favorable view of their own country , with 39 % voicing an unfavorable opinion .
About four - in - ten ( 43 % ) said the rich were more likely than the average person to be intelligent ( with 50 % saying there was no difference or expressing no opinion ) and 42 % said they were more likely to be hardworking compared with 24 % who said less likely and 34 % seeing no difference or offering no opinion .
When Americans are asked what has brought the biggest improvement to their lives in the past five decades, they name technology more than any other advancement. And as Americans think about the next 50 years, they expect that technology, along with medical advances, will continue to have a major impact, When Americans are asked what has brought the biggest improvement to their lives in the past five decades , they name technology more than any other advancement . And as Americans think about the next 50 years , they expect that technology , along with medical advances , will continue to have a major impact , according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted May to June of this year .
About three - in - ten ( 28 % ) think that the U.S. “ stands above all other countries in the world , ” while most ( 58 % ) say it is “ one of the greatest countries in the world , along with some others . ” Few Americans ( 12 % ) say there are other countries in the world “ that are better than the U.S. ” Three years ago , 38 % said the U.S. stood above all others , while 53 % said it was one of the greatest nations and 8 % thought some others were better than the U.S.
About a quarter ( 26 % ) say they followed news about the tragedy in Japan most closely , making this the public ’s top story last week . Japan shared the top spot one week earlier with news about the threat of a government shutdown over budget disagreements . This past week , rising domestic gas and oil prices also captured more attention than the federal spending debate in Washington . Nearly a quarter ( 22 % ) followed fuel prices most closely and a majority ( 53 % ) reported following this news very closely . The media devoted just 1 % of all coverage to this issue .
64 % of Americans say that Trump definitely ( 33 % ) or probably ( 31 % ) has done something illegal while in office or when he was running for president . Only half as many ( 32 % ) say he definitely or probably has not done things that are illegal . An even larger share ( 72 % ) thinks Trump definitely or probably has done something unethical – with 46 % saying he has definitely done this .
As of January 2016 , the top contributors to peacekeeping forces are Ethiopia ( 8,326 ) , Bangladesh ( 8,274 ) , India ( 7,799 ) and Pakistan ( 7,625 ) – making up 30 % of the total – followed by other developing and emerging nations , mostly in Africa and Asia . By contrast , European nations supply just 6 % of total personnel contributions .
Millennials generally are more likely than other generations to lean Democratic . The Silent Generation is more likely to lean Republican . The partisan preferences of the two generations in between – Generation X and the Baby Boomers – are closer to the average partisan leanings of the public ; in Pew Research Center political surveys conducted in 2014 , Democrats had an 8.8 % overall advantage in leaned party identification .
the 1.15 million refugees in Lebanon last year – nearly all of them fleeing the civil war in neighboring Syria – represent nearly 20 % of that country ’s population of 5.9 million . In second place was Jordan , where refugees – also nearly all from Syria – represent more than 8 % of the population .
About half or more of conservative Republicans say each of these two factors influences research findings most of the time . Minorities in the other party / ideology groups say either of these influence research findings most of the time .
Asian women , who are among the most educated , are more likely than any other racial or ethnic group to have a long - term marriage . For Asian women who were married for the first time between 2006 and 2010 , the chance that they may celebrate their 20 - year wedding anniversary is nearly 70 % . By contrast , about half of Hispanic and white women may see their marriages last that long . And for black women , the chance is 37 % .
While 45 % of the population says that honest elections with the choice of at least two political parties are very important for Egypt ’s future , that number is down 11 percentage points from 2013 .
The Chinese have confidence that their country ’s athletes will perform well at the games . Three - quarters say China , which finished third in the medal count , behind the United States and Russia , at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , will win the most medals this summer . Only 15 % think the U.S. will take home the most medals .
As of March 2012, 11.7 million unauthorized immigrants were living in the United States, according to a new preliminary Pew Research Center estimate based on The sharp decline in the U.S. population of unauthorized immigrants that accompanied the 2007 - 2009 recession has bottomed out , and the number may be rising again . As of March 2012 , 11.7 million unauthorized immigrants were living in the United States , according to a new preliminary Pew Research Center estimate based on U.S. government data .
Between 2011 and 2016 , the number of Americans who read books on tablet computers has increased nearly fourfold ( from 4 % to 15 % ) , while the share who read books on smartphones has more than doubled ( from 5 % to 13 % ) .
Since 2011 , the percentage saying they are very concerned about Islamic extremism in their country has increased 38 percentage points in France , 29 points in Spain , 21 points in the United Kingdom , 20 points in Germany and 17 points in the United States .
Today , a 57 % majority of Republicans and Republican leaners characterize national economic conditions as excellent ( 10 % ) or good ( 47 % ) . Among Democrats , just 30 % say the same . At the same time , Democrats are roughly twice as likely as Republicans to describe current conditions as poor ( 27 % vs. 12 % ) .
about half ( 51 % ) of conservative Republicans who said they see mostly one - sided news say this is OK – a larger share than among all other political groups , including liberal Democrats ( 34 % ) .
In 2013 , a record - high 12 % of newlyweds married someone of a different race , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of census data . ( This share does not take into account the “ interethnic ” marriages between Hispanics and non - Hispanics , which we covered in an earlier report on intermarriage . ) Some racial groups are more likely to intermarry than others . Of the 3.6 million adults who got married in 2013 , 58 % of American Indians , 28 % of Asians , 19 % of blacks and 7 % of whites have a spouse whose race was different from their own .
Though a 63 % majority of registered voters overall name treatment of racial and ethnic minorities as very important to their vote , it is not the top issue on the voters ’ agenda : Eight - in - ten or more rank the economy ( 84 % ) and terrorism ( 80 % ) as very important issues to their vote . Other issues that rank highly on voters ’ 2016 importance list include foreign policy ( 75 % very important ) , health care ( 74 % ) , gun policy ( 72 % ) and immigration ( 70 % ) .
There is no consensus on whether society has been too accepting of transgender people or not accepting enough . About four - in - ten adults ( 39 % ) say society has not gone far enough in accepting people who are transgender , while 32 % say society has gone too far and 27 % say it has been about right .
Half of the public also favors U.S. policies to maintain America ’s position as the only superpower , while 35 % say it would be acceptable if China , another country , or the European Union became as militarily powerful as the U.S.
As of early 2019 , 26 % of adults living in households earning less than $ 30,000 a year are “ smartphone - dependent ” internet users – meaning they own a smartphone but do not have broadband internet at home . This represents a substantial increase from 12 % in 2013 . In contrast , only 5 % of those living in households earning $ 100,000 or more fall into this category in 2019 .
Asked to assess how effective various measures would be at preventing school shootings , 86 % of teens say that preventing people with mental illnesses from purchasing guns and that improving mental health screening and treatment would be effective , including majorities who say each of these proposals would be very effective . Roughly eight - in - ten teens ( 79 % ) say that having metal detectors in schools would be effective and 66 % say the same about banning assault - style weapons .
So far this fiscal year – from October 2015 to June 2016 – 718,430 immigrants have applied for naturalization , a 26 % increase over the same time period a year before , according to data released by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services . By comparison , the number of naturalization applications increased by 19 % in fiscal 2012 over the previous year .
they are especially likely to have a negative evaluation of the president : Nearly all in this group ( 97 % ) say they disapprove of the way Trump is handling his job in office , including nine - in - ten who strongly disapprove . Among Democratic voters who are not bothered the presumptive nominee is an older white man , 85 % disapprove , including 72 % who do so strongly .
Americans are roughly twice as likely to express worry ( 72 % ) than enthusiasm ( 33 % ) about a future in which robots and computers are capable of doing many jobs that are currently done by humans . They are also around three times as likely to express worry ( 67 % ) than enthusiasm ( 22 % ) about algorithms that can make hiring decisions without any human involvement . By comparison , public views towards driverless vehicles and robot caregivers exhibit more balance between worry and enthusiasm .
Concerns about Chinese cyberattacks have , on the other hand , risen to 55 % from 50 % five years ago . Still , debt , trade and jobs have not disappeared as sources of concern for Americans , and overall about half the public ( 52 % ) continues to see China as more of an economic threat than a military one .
Publics in the U.S. and Britain are the strongest supporters of the idea that use of military force is sometimes necessary , with 75 % of Americans and 70 % of those in Britain holding that view . In Spain , 62 % say use of force is sometimes necessary while Germans are evenly divided with half saying the use of force is sometimes necessary and half saying it is not .
About three - in - four Indians express confidence in Obama , up from 48 % in 2014 .
just 38 % of registered voters who support Trump are very confident their vote will be accurately counted . Another 31 % say they are somewhat confident , while 30 % have little or no confidence their vote will be counted accurately . The gap between the two camps is about as large among those who express confidence in an accurate vote count nationally . Nearly half of Clinton supporters ( 49 % ) and just 11 % of Trump supporters are highly confident that votes across the country will be counted accurately .
Three - quarters of Americans agree that it is sometimes necessary to use military force to maintain order in the world ; this view is shared by seven - in - ten in Britain and narrower majorities in France and Spain ( 62 % each ) . Germans are evenly divided , with half saying the use of force is sometimes necessary and half saying it is not .
Nearly a quarter ( 23 % ) say they followed election news very closely , while 16 % say they followed news about the released hiker that closely . Her release accounted for 2 % of coverage . Another 4 % say they followed news about Israeli - Palestinian peace talks most closely , while 13 % say they followed this news very closely .
More than four - in - ten ( 45 % ) say they followed news about the condition of the economy very closely last week .
relatively few adults ( median of 20 % ) say they currently use three or more social media platforms or messaging apps . This level of use is most common in Lebanon and Jordan , where about four - in - ten say they use three or more of these apps ( 42 % and 38 % , respectively ) . About three - in - ten say the same in Venezuela ( 31 % ) , Colombia ( 29 % ) and Mexico ( 27 % ) . People in India ( 9 % ) , the Philippines ( 9 % ) and Vietnam ( 5 % ) are the least likely to report using three or more of these apps .
Two - thirds of American adults also said scientists would offer life extension technologies before their impact was fully understood . Again , this wariness is matched and even exceeded in the human enhancement survey ; more than seven - in - ten adults said brain , blood and gene enhancements would be employed before their effects were fully understood .
two - thirds of the public ( 67 % ) cite ISIS as a major threat to the U.S. About two - in - ten ( 21 % ) name the Islamic militant group in Iraq and Syria as a “ minor threat ” and just 5 % say it is not a threat .
The public is split on whether Russian efforts to influence the 2016 election benefited Donald Trump ’s campaign or neither campaign very much . Roughly equal shares say that Russian efforts likely benefited Trump ’s campaign ( 43 % ) or neither of the campaigns ( 48 % ) – with sharp divisions by party . Just 4 % say Russian efforts benefited Hillary Clinton ’s campaign .
Among Democrats , there has been virtually no change in the share saying they are bothered a lot by corporations not paying their fair share ( 73 % then , 75 % today ) . Similarly , today , a smaller share of Republicans is bothered a lot by the feeling that some wealthy people do not pay their fair share of taxes ( 49 % in 2015 , 40 % today ) . Again , there has been little change among Democrats in this view ( 71 % then , 76 % today ) .
This survey shows that three - quarters think it is acceptable for public health officials to make personal information that may be collected during the coronavirus outbreak available for use by infectious disease researchers , while smaller shares say the same about pharmaceutical companies ( 40 % ) , health insurance companies ( 40 % ) and state and local elected officials ( 37 % ) .
When asked about leading nontraditional political parties , half or more of the publics in four of the six EU nations surveyed believe that these parties are good for their country because they raise important issues that are ignored by traditional parties .
Across the six Eastern European countries surveyed — Bulgaria , Czech Republic , Poland , Russia , Slovakia and Ukraine — a median of 56 % agreed with the statement “ Most people are better off in a free market economy , even though some people are rich and some are poor . ”
Overall , 62 % of Republicans say average Republicans in the country generally agree with Trump on most issues . However , three - in - ten say that average Republicans do not agree with Trump ’s positions on issues .
Some 17 % of Americans ( not including those who are retired and/or disabled ) indicate that it would not be easy to create a professional resume if they needed to do so . Another 21 % say that it would not be easy to highlight their employment skills using a personal website or social media profile .
From 2001 through 2008 Democrats offered decidedly more critical views of government performance on terrorism . But by October 2010 , Democrats expressed more positive views of the government ’s anti - terrorism efforts than did Republicans .
Consistent with this , as many Romney as Obama voters express strong support for their candidate . This continues the pattern seen in the Pew Research poll in early October , after the first presidential debate , which represented a shift from polling earlier in the year when Romney ’s support was much more tepid .
respondents who said they believe in God with no doubts also disagreed most strongly ( 61 % ) with the statement “ In my opinion , life does not serve any purpose . ” Those who said they were certain they did not believe in God or who expressed more uncertainty about their belief were less likely than strong believers to reject the statement that life has no purpose .
When it comes to policies aimed at reducing the effects of global climate change , about half of U.S. adults ( 49 % ) believe these policies have net benefits for the environment . Three - in - ten say these policies make no difference for the environment and about two - in - ten ( 19 % ) believe these policies end up doing more harm than good for the environment .
Overall , about six - in - ten U.S. adults ( 62 % ) say it ’s very or somewhat acceptable for professional athletes to speak out publicly about political issues , while 35 % say this is not too or not at all acceptable .
Fully 71 % of Democratic voters who describe themselves as “ angry ” at government say they are more enthusiastic about voting this year , compared with 45 % of those who are “ frustrated ” or “ basically content ” with government . Similarly , Democrats who register strong disapproval of the president are far more likely to be eager to vote than those with less strong views ( 58 % vs. 29 % enthusiastic ) . And 56 % of Democrats who say their congressional vote is a vote against the president express high enthusiasm about 2006 , compared with just 44 % who say Bush is not a factor in their vote .
Maynard Gallup also has found that an increasing share of Americans say doctor - assisted suicide , in general , is morally acceptable . In 2015 , 56 % say it is morally OK , up from 45 % two years prior .
About a third of Trump ’s November 2016 voters ( 35 % ) had cold or neutral feelings toward him earlier that year . By September 2016 , a 57 % majority of these voters had warmed to him , including 24 % who felt very warmly . And shortly after the election , three - quarters of these once cold or neutral voters ( 74 % ) felt warmly toward him , including 43 % who rated him very warmly . Among the 65 % majority of Trump voters who felt warmly toward him in April 2016 , there was much less change in opinions about him .
The gender gap in 2008 – the seven - point difference between women and men in support for the Democratic candidate – was comparable to the gap in most elections since 1980 . Even when Democratic candidates failed to garner a majority of the women ’s vote – as in 1980 , 1984 and 1988 – they still drew more support from women than from men . The election of 1992 was unusual because of Ross Perot ’s popular third - party campaign . Still , the gender gap was significant : Women backed Bill Clinton over George H.W. Bush , 45 % to 37 % , with 17 % supporting Perot .
Nearly eight - in - ten Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 79 % ) say the shutdown is a “ very serious problem ” ; fewer than half as many Republicans and Republican leaners ( 35 % ) say the same .
Women make up 47 % of the U.S. labor force , up from 30 % in 1950 – but growth has stagnated . The share of women in the labor force generally grew throughout the second half of the 20th century , but it has since leveled off . Projections from the Bureau of Labor Statistics indicate that in the coming decades women will continue to make up slightly less than half of the labor force .
Republicans ( 66 % ) continue to be less likely than independents ( 74 % ) or Democrats ( 80 % ) to support a path to legal status for those in the U.S. illegally .
The presidential campaign once again was the most heavily covered story of the week , accounting for 38 % of all news coverage . For the public , however , the rising price of gas , which emerged as a prominent issue in the campaign , was the top news story . More than six - in - ten ( 63 % ) say they followed news about gas prices very closely and 30 % cited it as the story they followed most closely last week .
one-in-five U.S. U.S. political leaders have a sizable following among Americans who are on the platform . Among U.S adults with public Twitter accounts , 19 % follow President Donald Trump , while 26 % follow former President Barack Obama .
A quarter ( 25 % ) says the economy will be worse off a year from now , up from just 8 % in September and the highest level since June 2011 . Overall , 37 % expect the economy to be better off next year , down from 43 % in September .
As of July 1 , 2019 ( the latest date for which population estimates are available ) , Millennials , whom we define as ages 23 to 38 in 2019 , numbered 72.1 million , and Boomers ( ages 55 to 73 ) numbered 71.6 million . Generation X ( ages 39 to 54 ) numbered 65.2 million and is projected to pass the Boomers in population by 2028 .
Latinos in The nation ’s unauthorized immigrant population grew rapidly between 1990 and 2007 , reaching a peak of 12.2 million . Since then , the population declined to 10.5 million in 2017 . Unauthorized immigrants from Mexico make up less than half of all unauthorized immigrants and have been a driver of the group ’s population decline – the number of unauthorized immigrants from Mexico fell from a peak of 6.9 million in 2007 to 4.9 million in 2017 .
most Republicans and Republican leaners favor Trump listening more to members of the party with experience in government . Nearly six - in - ten ( 58 % ) say Trump should listen more to Republicans who have experience working in government , while 34 % say he should listen less .
Half of Jordanian Muslims favor gender segregation and 44 % oppose it . Among Nigerian Muslims , nearly the same percentage favor making segregation of men and women in the workplace the law in their country ( 49 % ) as oppose it ( 48 % ) .
In 1960 , half ( 49 % ) of impoverished Americans lived in the South . By 2010 , that share had dropped to 41 % .
44 % of women ages 50 and older think Zika is a major threat to the U.S. population as a whole , compared with 33 % of older men . By contrast , 23 % of adults under age 50 consider Zika a major threat to the population . Additionally , 42 % of those who report being in “ fair ” or “ poor ” health feel it is a major threat vs. 27 % of those who say they are in “ excellent ” or “ very good ” health .
Parents with children younger than 18 in the household were no more or less likely than non - parents to express support for allowing teachers to carry guns in schools : 46 % of parents and 44 % of non - parents said they would favor it .
About eight - in - ten angry and frustrated officers ( 77 % ) agree that they have become more callous toward people since taking the job . This compares with 42 % of officers who say they are not frequently angry or frustrated .
personal Americans express a consistent lack of confidence about the security of everyday communication channels and the organizations that control them – particularly when it comes to the use of online tools . And they exhibited a deep lack of faith in organizations of all kinds , public or private , in protecting the personal information they collect . Only tiny minorities say they are “ very confident ” that the records maintained by these organizations will remain private and secure .
Twitter news users see a somewhat greater mix of topics than Facebook news users . Two - thirds of Twitter news users ( 67 % ) regularly see at least six of the 11 news topics we asked about , compared with 57 % of Facebook news users .
Across the board , more respondents said communication skills were most important , followed by reading , math , teamwork , writing and logic .
About six - in - ten ( 59 % ) say they expect a bill to pass this year , while 29 % predict a bill will not pass . This is little changed from mid - December , when 61 % expected a bill to pass and 34 % said a bill would not pass . Democrats are notably more likely to predict passage – 68 % say health care legislative will pass – than are independents ( 58 % ) or Republicans ( 50 % ) .
About two - thirds of Black ( 65 % ) and Hispanic voters ( 65 % ) said it is at least somewhat important to them to hear from the Trump and Biden campaigns . Among white voters , 55 % said this .
The Norway terror attacks accounted for 8 % of the newshole . Almost two - in - ten ( 17 % ) say they followed news about the 2012 presidential campaign very closely , a level of interest comparable to recent weeks ; 3 % say this was the news they followed most closely .
Democrats rate their party better than Republicans when it comes to representing their views on the issue of illegal immigration . About half ( 51 % ) of Democrats and Democratic leaners say their party is doing a good job representing their views .
Overall , 47 % of Americans say fathers of children under the age of 18 are now doing a worse job as parents than fathers did 20 or 30 years ago ; this compares with 56 % who say mothers are doing a worse job . About one - in - five ( 21 % ) say today ’s fathers are doing a better job compared with fathers a generation ago ; far fewer ( 9 % ) say that today ’s mothers are doing a better job than their predecessors 20 or 30 years ago .
views of the job situation have edged up , but most Americans still say jobs are hard to find . When it comes to job opportunities , 57 % say that jobs are difficult to find in their community , while 36 % say that there are plenty of jobs available
Democrats and Republicans are about equally likely to say they have not heard of the Freedom Caucus . However , in both parties , the caucus is better known among the more ideological . About half ( 52 % ) of moderate and liberal Republicans have heard nothing at all about the caucus , compared with just 36 % of conservative Republicans . Among Democrats , 47 % of conservatives and moderates , compared with 30 % of liberals , have heard nothing at all about the caucus .
Seven - in - ten say people are better off in a free market economy , even though this means some may be rich while others are poor . This sentiment is true across demographic groups , and even those in the low - income category believe in the benefits of the free market system . The social changes in Chinese society that have accompanied the transformation and growth of the economy get a somewhat mixed review . On the one hand , about seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) say they like the pace of modern life .
About a quarter of the public ( 24 % ) says they followed reports about the condition of the economy more closely than other top stories last week , while 21 % followed news about the swine flu most closely .
Globally , babies born to Muslim mothers will outnumber babies born to Christian mothers by 2035 – largely driven by different fertility rates . The number of babies born to Christian mothers ( 223 million ) far outnumbered the number of births to Muslim mothers ( 213 million ) between 2010 and 2015 . However , an aging Christian population – especially in Europe and North America – and high fertility rates among Muslim women is rapidly changing the global religious landscape . The number of births to Muslim women is projected to exceed births to Christian women by 2030 - 2035 , with the disparity growing to 6 million by 2055 - 2060 .
In the past 10 years , the share of U.S. adults living without a spouse or partner has increased . This rise in “ unpartnered ” Americans , from 39 % in 2007 to 42 % today , has been most pronounced among young adults : Roughly six - in - ten adults younger than 35 are now living without a spouse or partner . The share of “ unpartnered ” adults also has risen more sharply among those who are not employed .
In all 14 countries surveyed , trusters are more likely than distrusters to have a favorable view of the EU and UN .
Nearly eight - in - ten ( 78 % ) Americans with household incomes under $ 30,000 annually say that jobs are difficult to find in their area , up 17 percentage points from the 61 % recorded last November . By comparison , among Americans with incomes of $ 75,000 or more fewer than half ( 46 % ) say jobs are difficult to find , up only seven points since last November . Similarly , roughly seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) Americans with a high school degree or less see limited job opportunities in their area , compared with 51 % of those with a college degree .
Four - in - ten ( 43 % ) Muslim Americans say they attend mosque at least once a week , including 18 % who say they attend more than once a week , according to a 2017 Pew Research Center survey . An additional 32 % say they attend once or twice a month , or a few times a year .
Overall , a median of 64 % across 32 emerging and developing nations say the internet is a good influence on education , with at least half also seeing it as a good influence on personal relationships ( 53 % ) and the economy ( 52 % ) . People are more mixed on the internet ’s effect on politics , with similar proportions saying that the influence is good ( 36 % ) as say it is bad ( 30 % ) .
Democrats are more likely than Republicans to see Germany as an important partner for foreign policy . While 21 % of Democrats name Germany as one of America ’s top two international partners , only 5 % of Republicans feel this way .
Broadband use at home has risen fairly consistently since the Pew Internet Project began to measure it in 2000 , but growth rate has slowed somewhat in the general population .
In Denver , Hispanics ( 19 % of the city ’s population ) follow crime news very closely at nearly twice the rate of whites , 49 % versus 26 % . And seven - in - ten Hispanics in Denver often discuss crime news , compared with 49 % of whites . In Macon , blacks ( 41 % of the city ’s residents ) differ from whites in the amount of attention they devote to crime news to nearly the same degree . About six - in - ten blacks very closely follow crime news , compared with less than half ( 43 % ) of whites .
Terrorism is an issue that garners acute concern from more than half the populace ( 53 % ) . Crime , however , is less of an issue in Russia than in previous years , with only 39 % saying it is a very serious problem . In 2017 , 52 % said it was a top concern , which was already significantly lower than the three - quarters of Russians who were very concerned in 2002 .
Among Americans , 36 % choose the United Kingdom as the most or second - most important foreign policy partner . Roughly two - in - ten say China ( 23 % ) and Canada ( 20 % ) are top partners , but Germany is chosen by only 13 % as the most or second - most important partner , in between Israel at 15 % and Mexico at 12 % .
Amid recent speculation that Mitt Romney was considering a possible third run at the executive office , the former Massachusetts governor comes in third with 74 campaign stories . Following Romney is Texas Senator Ted Cruz ( 68 ) , Kentucky Senator Rand Paul ( 67 ) and former Florida Governor Jeb Bush ( 53 ) .
The Japanese public is generally critical of the national government ’s response to the March 11 earthquake and tsunami . A major exception is the country ’s Self Defense Force ( SDF ) , which earns widespread praise for its response to the disasters . More than nine - in - ten ( 95 % ) say the SDF has done a good job responding to the crisis , including 62 % who say the force has done a very good job .
Overall , mothers and fathers who use Facebook are equally likely to say they ever share , post , or comment on Facebook . However , mothers are more likely to do this with greater frequency . Some 76 % of mothers on Facebook say they do so “ frequently ” or “ sometimes , ” compared with 61 % of fathers who say the same .
By late August , amid reports of the Taliban ’s resurgence and increasing U.S. troop fatalities , Gallup found that by a 38%-to-61 % margin the public judged the war to be going badly ; as recently as July that margin had been reversed with 54 % saying well and 43 % saying badly . A September CBS News / New York Times poll found a similar 35%-53 % positive - negative split on the war ’s progress .
Today , 31 % of women who are married or cohabiting are contributing at least half of the couple ’s total earnings ( including 28 % who earn more than their husband or partner and 3 % who earn about the same amount ) .
Throughout the first three months of the year , Obama and Clinton have been far more visible than the other presidential candidates , and this overwhelming focus on the Democratic contest continues . In the current poll , Obama is by far the candidate that the public has been hearing the most about in the news . Fully , 70 % have heard more about Obama in the last week than any other candidate .
Only two - in - ten ( 20 % ) would favor mandatory voting , while nearly eight - in - ten ( 78 % ) says citizens should be able to decide for themselves whether or not to vote in national elections .
Across Europe , 91 % of students in primary and secondary school were studying English in 2017 – more than all other foreign languages learned combined by a large margin , according to data from Eurostat , the statistics arm of the European Commission . The next - most studied languages in European schools are French , German and Spanish , each garnering no more than 15 % of students participating in 2017 . Russian , studied in a formal classroom by 2 % of Europeans , is the only other foreign language that more than 1 % of European students learn .
Two - thirds ( 67 % ) describe the presidential campaign as interesting – far more than did so before the first primary contests in the 2012 and 2008 campaigns ( 36 % and 37 % , respectively ) . About half ( 48 % ) say the campaign is informative , which is identical to the share that described the campaign as informative in January 2012 . As during prior campaigns , many Americans view the current contest as “ too negative ” ( 54 % describe the campaign this way ) and “ too long ” ( 50 % ) .
Among all social media users , people who changed their views on an issue are much more likely than those who did n’t to say such sites are important when it comes to getting involved with political or social issues important to them ( 63 % vs. 35 % ) or finding others who share their views about important issues ( 67 % vs. 38 % ) . Just over half whose views changed ( 56 % ) say social media is personally important in providing a venue to express their political opinions , compared with a third of social media users who have not changed a view in the past year ( 33 % ) .
Both Republicans and Democrats are about as likely to say that talking about politics with people whom they disagree with is “ stressful and frustrating ” as say such conversations are “ interesting and informative . ” And majorities in both parties ( 65 % of Republicans , 63 % of Democrats ) say that when they talk to people on the other side , they usually end up finding they have less in common politically than they thought .
American , French , Italian and Japanese views are out of step with those of their TPP and TTIP counterparts on a number of trade and investment issues . Americans and Japanese are far less likely than publics in other TPP countries ( a median of 55 % ) to hold the view that growing international business ties will create new employment , a politically sensitive issue in each country . And French ( 24 % ) , Americans ( 20 % ) and Italians ( 13 % ) are less likely than their TTIP negotiating partners ( a median of 50 % ) to agree that trade leads to more jobs .
among racial and ethnic groups , the flattest employment - to - population ratio has been among whites — fluctuating between 59 % and 60 % since late 2009 .
In particular , conservative and moderate Democrats are expressing less satisfaction about the field of Democratic candidates than they have in the past . Currently , 45 % of conservative and moderate Democratic and Democratic - leaning registered voters view the Democratic candidates running for the nomination as either excellent or good . At this point in the campaign in 2007 , fully 62 % of conservative and moderate Democratic registered voters had positive assessments of the Democratic field .
The public clearly has doubts that President Maduro is the right man to get Venezuela back on course . A majority ( 57 % ) in the poll says the president has a bad influence on the country ’s direction , compared with 40 % who say he has a good influence . By a 55 % to 44 % margin , Venezuelans also say they are dissatisfied with the overall political system .
Americans think automation will likely disrupt a number of professions – but relatively few think their own jobs are at risk . A majority of U.S. adults say it is at least somewhat likely that jobs such as fast food workers ( 77 % ) and insurance claims processors ( 65 % ) will be mostly performed by machines in their lifetime , while around half expect that the same will be true of jobs such as software engineers and legal clerks . On the other hand , only three - in - ten workers think it ’s at least somewhat likely that their own jobs will be mostly done by robots or computers during their lifetimes .
About three - quarters of Americans ( 73 % ) say science has , on balance , had a mostly positive effect on society . And 82 % expect future scientific developments to yield benefits for society in years to come .
A strong majority of Democrats ( 72 % ) in the U.S. have a favorable view of the international body , while a smaller 60%-majority of independents agree .
Roughly seven - in - ten U.S. teens ( 72 % ) say they use the site . Surpassed only by YouTube , Instagram ranks as the second most popular platform among Americans in this age group , according to a survey conducted in March and April of 2018 . Separately , 15 % of teens say Instagram is the platform they use “ most often . ” That ’s lower than the shares who say the same about Snapchat ( 35 % ) and YouTube ( 32 % ) .
In 2010 , by our analysis , 28 % of Indian American worked in science and engineering fields ; according to the 2013 American Community Survey , more than two - thirds ( 69.3 % ) of Indian Americans 16 and older were in management , business , science and arts occupations .
Less than one - third of Americans polled in the new survey ( 30 % ) say their personal religious beliefs conflict with science , while fully two - thirds ( 68 % ) say there is no conflict between their own beliefs and science .
A median of 68 % rate it a very big problem in Latin America , while 60 % say the same in the Middle East .
Nonetheless , Muslims generally are no less supportive of keeping religion separate from government policy than are people in other countries . Indeed , in predominantly Muslim countries with secular traditions , such as Turkey , Senegal and Mali , roughly seven - in - ten respondents completely agreed that religion should be kept separate from government policy . In the U.S. , significantly fewer ( 55 % ) expressed that view .
a majority of parents ( 73 % ) believe it is acceptable for children to have their own phone only after they have reached at least the age of 12 .
Among them , the vast majority—75%—disapprove of the Arizona law while 21 % say they approve , according to the Pew Research Center survey . This is relatively unchanged from 2010 , when a Pew Hispanic Center survey revealed that 79 % of Hispanics said they disapproved of the Arizona law .
China alone accounted for more than one - in - two additions to the global middle - income population from 2001 to 2011 . The result was a pivot to the east , with the share of the world ’s middle - income population residing in Asia & amp ; South Pacific increasing from 31 % in 2001 to 51 % in 2011.
About four - in - ten ( 43 % ) say that Republicans in the Senate will be at least somewhat fair and reasonable during the trial , with just 17 % saying they are very confident GOP senators will do this . Slightly more ( 48 % ) expect Democratic senators to be at least somewhat fair , though just 18 % say they are very confident in this .
In the 2018 general election , around six - in - ten U.S. poll workers ( 58 % ) were ages 61 and older , including roughly a quarter ( 27 % ) who were over 70 , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of government data from that year ’s Election Administration and Voting Survey ( EAVS ) , a biennial study of states ’ administration of federal elections . ( This data does not include all states ; for more information about the methodology and limitations of this data , see “ How we did this . ” )
While both Republicans and Democrats agree that the UK is their most important partner , Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are keener on Israel as a partner ( 26 % ) than Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 9 % ) .
Currently , 39 % say they followed news about the leak very closely last week , not much different from the 42 % that said this one week earlier . Still , that is down sharply from 59 % in the July 22 - 25 survey . More than four - in - ten ( 44 % ) say this was the story they followed most closely last week . The oil leak accounted for 3 % of the coverage measured by PEJ , down from 11 % one week earlier .
Global publics oppose some of Trump ’s major policies . We tested five of Trump ’s major national security and foreign policy proposals – withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal , placing tighter restrictions on people entering the U.S. from certain majority - Muslim nations , pulling out of international climate change agreements , withdrawing from trade deals and building a wall on the Mexican border – and with a few exceptions , they meet with broad disapproval around the world .
There is greater public support for cutting military spending in order to achieve deficit reduction . About half of Americans ( 51 % ) say reducing the deficit is more important than keeping military spending at current levels , while 40 % say deficit reduction is more important .
Currently , just 11 % rate current economic conditions as excellent or good . Nearly half ( 46 % ) say conditions are only fair while about the same percentage ( 43 % ) rate them as poor .
Among those with a postgraduate degree , 89 % say they have a great deal or fair amount of confidence in scientists and 93 % have a great deal or fair amount of confidence in medical scientists to act in the best interests of the public .
One - in - five followed this story very closely and just 6 % said it was the story they followed most closely .
Roughly half of adults ( 49 % ) said gene editing would be less acceptable to them if the effects “ changed the genetic makeup of the whole population , ” versus just 17 % who said it would be more acceptable . When asked about an alternate scenario in which the effects of gene editing are limited to a single person , more Americans said it would be more acceptable than less acceptable ( 34 % to 23 % ) .
Among Democrats , just 13 % of liberals say the U.S. stands above other nations , compared with 23 % of moderate and conservative Democrats . And nearly three - in - ten liberal Democrats ( 29 % ) say there are other countries better than the U.S. ; only 13 % of conservative and moderate Democrats say the same .
Six - in - ten U.S. adults say they have a “ very ” or “ mostly ” favorable view of Pope Francis , up from roughly half who said this in September of 2018 , when the question was last asked .
Africa is projected to overtake Asia in births by 2060 . Half of babies born worldwide are expected to be born in Africa by 2100 , up from three - in - ten today .
a majority of Russians say their country plays a more important role on the world stage than it did 10 years ago .
Just 25 % of Americans view Congress favorably , while 69 % say they have an unfavorable opinion .
Large majorities of Democrats ( 81 % ) and independents ( 69 % ) favor a compromise to avoid default , but Republicans are more divided : 53 % favor a compromise , while 38 % say lawmakers who share their views should stand by their principles even if it leads to a default . Among all Republicans and Republican - leaning independents , 53 % of those who agree with the Tea Party favor lawmakers standing by their principles even if it means the government goes into default . Just 24 % of Republicans and GOP leaners who do not agree with the Tea Party express this view .
Republicans are much more likely than Democrats to say strengthening the U.S. military should be a top policy priority ( 76 % vs. 33 % ) . Republicans also are 23 points more likely than Democrats to say dealing with the issue of immigration should be given top priority ( 66 % vs. 43 % ) .
Among those younger than 30 , about as many approve ( 50 % ) as disapprove ( 47 % ) of the health care law . Among older age groups , more disapprove than approve .
About two - thirds of Americans ( 64 % ) say social media have a mostly negative effect on the way things are going in the country today , according to a Pew Research Center survey of U.S. adults conducted July 13 - 19 , 2020 . Just one - in - ten Americans say social media sites have a mostly positive effect on the way things are going , and one - quarter say these platforms have a neither positive nor negative effect .
Earlier this year , a Pew Research Center analysis of State Department data found a sharp decline in the number of refugees who have entered the U.S. so far in fiscal year 2018 compared with prior years .
Nearly half of Americans ( 49 % ) say U.S. involvement in the global economy is a bad thing because it lowers wages and costs jobs ; fewer ( 44 % ) see this as a good thing because it provides the U.S. with new markets and opportunities for growth .
Most of the public says learning that a friend voted for Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton would not have any effect on their friendships . About one - in - five ( 19 % ) say that knowing a friend had voted for Trump would put a strain on their friendship ; 7 % say knowing a friend had voted for Clinton would strain their friendship .
Seniors 65 and older , however , think the private marketplace is the most effective way to increase reliance on renewable energy sources by a 50%-41 % margin .
Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are somewhat more likely than Democrats and leaners to consider China an adversary . About a quarter of Republicans ( 26 % ) rate China as an adversary , compared with a smaller share of Democrats ( 17 % ) . Roughly a third of Democrats do n’t consider China a problem ( 34 % ) along with 27 % of Republicans .
In Pew ’s latest national survey , conducted Feb. 20 - 24 among 1,508 adults , a 54 % majority said the U.S. made the wrong decision in using military force in Iraq , while 38 % said it was the right decision .
In an early 2019 survey , 50 % of U.S. adults said made - up news and information was a very big problem in the country today – a larger share than said the same about issues including racism , illegal immigration , terrorism and sexism . Around half or more also said made - up news has a big impact on political leaders ’ ability to get work done ( 51 % ) , Americans ’ confidence in each other ( 54 % ) and their confidence in the government ( 68 % ) .
About two - thirds ( 68 % ) of adults say vaccinations should be required and 30 % say parents should be able to decide . By contrast , 86 % of AAAS scientists say all children should be required to be vaccinated .
there is little indication that the unemployment rate ’s falling to 6.3 % , the Dow Jones average soaring to a new high and the ACA signing up 8 million people , ( including many young people , ) had any effect on attitudes about these two key issues .
In December 2005 , 82 % of conservative Republicans approved of Bush while 65 % said they strongly approved . In fact , Bush continued to have the support of 8 - in-10 conservative Republicans into 2006 and 2007 and retained strong approval among 6 - in-10 .
The presidential campaign continued to dominate national news coverage last week , and the public remained highly engaged in the ongoing contest . Nearly 40 % of the national newshole was devoted to the campaign , and 36 % of the public listed the campaign as the single news story they were following more closely than any other . Democratic frontrunners Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton were the most prominent figures in the news last week . When asked to name the person they had heard the most about in the news lately , 24 % of the public named Obama and 23 % named Clinton .
The new survey finds that 41 % of the public says the United States plays a less important and powerful role as a world leader today than it did 10 years ago – the highest percentage ever in a Pew Research survey .
About half of Americans ( 49 % ) said it was more important to control gun ownership while 42 % said it was more important to protect the right of Americans to own guns .
In December , 65 % said they were at least somewhat concerned about Trump ’s ability to serve the country ’s best interests .
while a majority of Clinton voters ( 58 % ) say they are “ willing to give Trump a chance and see how he governs as president , ” nearly four - in - ten ( 39 % ) say they ca n’t see themselves giving Trump a chance “ because of the kind of person he has shown himself to be .
About 250,000 babies were born to unauthorized immigrant parents in the United States in 2016, the latest year for which information is available, according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of government data. This About 250,000 babies were born to unauthorized immigrant parents in the United States in 2016 , the latest year for which information is available , according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of government data . This represents a 36 % decrease from a peak of about 390,000 in 2007 .
in total, The most common types of fireworks - related injuries this time last year were heat burns ( 38 % ) , followed by bruises and abrasions ( 19 % ) and cuts ( 15 % ) .
Bush received a striking 78 % of the votes of white evangelicals in 2004 , up 10 percentage points from 2000 and by far his highest level of support from any demographic group in the population . As he began his second term in office , the president had an approval rating of 72 % among evangelicals , compared with 50 % in the public as a whole .
Employment has been rising faster in occupations requiring more preparation . As of 2015 , some 83 million people worked in jobs that require an average or above average level of preparation ( including education , experience and job training ) , up from 49 million in 1980 – a 68 % increase . This was more than double the 31 % rise in employment in positions requiring a below average level of job preparation .
Today , when asked to choose between the U.S. , China , Japan and the countries of the European Union as the world ’s leading economic power , 59 % of Americans choose their own country , up from 50 % last year . This is both the largest share to name the U.S. and the largest year - on - year increase since the question was first asked in 2008 . Only three - in - ten name China , and this is largely unchanged over recent years .
Germans give the U.S. some of its worst ratings in the survey . Only 26 % have a positive view of America , while just 10 % have confidence in Trump when it comes to his handling of world affairs .
fully 77 % of all adults think it is generally OK for people to use their cellphones while walking down the street and 75 % believe it is OK for others to use phones on public transit . But only 38 % think it is generally OK for others to use cellphones at restaurants and just 5 % think it is generally OK to use a cellphone at a meeting .
a majority of Americans ( 61 % ) say it is very important that the tone of debate among political leaders is respectful . Yet as with most other ideals , few say this is actually happening . Just 25 % say the following statement – “ The tone of debate among political leaders is respectful ” – describes the country very ( 6 % ) or somewhat well ( 19 % ) .
In the days before Barack Obama and George W. Bush took the oath of office , majorities also said it was too early to tell how successful their presidencies would be . But in both cases , those that did offer predictions were more likely to say each would be successful than unsuccessful . For example , in 2009 30 % said Obama would be successful while just 4 % predicted he would be unsuccessful ; 65 % said it was too early to tell .
Today , by more than two - to - one ( 65 % to 29 % ) , Republican and Republican - leaning registered voters say it is more important that a candidate have new ideas than “ experience and a proven record . ” Just five months ago , GOP voters valued experience and a proven record over new ideas , 57 % to 36 % . Opinion among Democratic voters continues to be more evenly divided : 50 % say it is more important for a candidate to have experience and a proven record , while 42 % view new ideas and a different approach as more important .
