than 30 say couples who live together before marriage have a better chance at a successful marriage, compared with 52% of those ages 30 to 49, 42% of those 50 to 64 and 37% of those 65 and older. 5 About four-in-ten cohabiting adults cite finances (38%) and convenience (37%) as major reasons they moved in with their partner. By
to think the protests and demonstrations will lead to public support for science: 55% of adults younger than 30 believe the recent marches and demonstrations will help public support for science, compared with 29% of those ages 65 and older. These differences by age hold even when accounting for the tendency of older adults to identify with the GOP. There are no
of power from former President Goodluck Jonathan, a Christian, to current President Muhammadu Buhari, a Muslim. Among Nigeria’s Christians, 65% now say government is run for the benefit of a few groups, up slightly from 58% in 2015. Meanwhile, the share of Muslims expressing this view has dropped from 64% to 45%. Ethnic divisions are prominent on many issues in Kenya, with the Kikuyu and Kalenjin people expressing
local information sources as a major source for coronavirus news. Americans also see local news outlets as more credible
emerge to use the internet for education, for business or to communicate with their social networks. Sub-Saharan Africans are far-and-away most likely to use the internet for this last purpose: staying in touch with their family and friends. More than eight-in-ten internet users say they have used the internet for this purpose over the past year. While less common than
on other, smaller surveys in June, July and August. These surveys find that while the public holds news organizations in low regard, they are more trusted as a source of information than are federal, state and local governments, the Obama administration and business corporations. Nearly seven-in-ten (69%) say they have a lot or some trust in information they get from local news organizations, while 59% say they trust information from national news organizations. By comparison, about half say they have a lot or some trust in information provided by their state government (51%) and the Obama administration (50%). Smaller percentages trust information from federal agencies (44%), business corporations (41%), Congress (37%) or candidates running for office (29%). Overall, television continues to be the public’s main source for national and international news. Currently, 66% say they get most of their news from television, while 43% cite the internet as their main news source. While this is little changed from last year, over the long term the
Americans paying very close attention to campaign news. More than one-in-five named the campaign as the single news story they followed more closely than any other last week. This placed the campaign
among recent grads remains higher than it was before the Great Recession. But in a recent report, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York went deeper and looked
said they were dissatisfied with how democracy is working in their countries. A majority of Peruvians (60%) also do not feel close to any of their country’s political
of ground forces also has risen since October, from 39% to 47%. The share of women favoring the U.S. sending ground troops has jumped 11 points since then (compared with a slight five-point increase among men); still, women remain less likely than men to favor deploying U.S. ground forces in Iraq and Syria (41% vs. 52%). Today, adults 18-29 are the only age group to largely oppose sending
reviews, while those with unfavorable opinions of these major powers also tend to see the international body in a negative light. For example, 81% of those expressing a favorable view of China also have
Ghana today, 42% think that growing internet use has a positive effect on morality – up from 29% in 2014. Favorable assessments of the internet’s impact on economics and politics have risen even more over the same time period. For example, in 2017, around two-thirds of Nigerians (64%) said the increasing use of the internet had a positive influence on
recent change in overall favorability of labor unions: 48% hold a favorable view of unions, while somewhat fewer (39%) say they have an unfavorable view. Opinions of unions have recovered from lows reached in 2010 and 2011. Public views of business corporations have followed a similar trajectory. Currently, 48% have a favorable impression of business corporations, compared
questions arise about how polling techniques and practices might skew poll results one way or the other. In the final weeks before this year’s election, the practice of
noting that this is not a new tactic. Hispanic Democrats have been confronted before by fellow Latinos in a similar
they think will do the better job: 41% say Obama will do better, while 37% expect Romney to prevail. This stands in stark contrast
to confronting global terrorism. Overall, 45% say “using overwhelming military force is the best way to defeat terrorism around the world,” while about as many (46%) say “relying too much on military force to defeat terrorism creates hatred that leads to more terrorism.” These attitudes are little changed from earlier this year, but the balance of opinion has shifted since early 2014, before ISIS registered as a major threat for the public. In March 2014, more said relying too much on force creates hatred (57%), compared with 37% who say overwhelming military force was the best way to defeat terrorism. Views were similar to those in 2014 when the question was previously asked in 2011 and 2004. There are wide partisan differences on the question of force and global terrorism. Democrats are far more likely to say relying too much on force creates hatred that leads to more terrorism than to say using overwhelming military force is the best way to defeat terrorism around the world (66%-27%). By contrast, Republicans are more likely to see overwhelming force as the best way to defeat terrorism by a 72%-18% margin. Independents are more divided: 49% say relying too much on force creates hatred, while 43% say overwhelming military force is the best way to defeat terrorism around
three countries — Denmark, Finland and Germany — didn’t separate households from other private-sector funding
app use are relatively unchanged from last year. Women are nearly three times as likely as men to use Pinterest (42% vs. 15%). Around half of college graduates and those who
school teachers, while the remaining 712 are from a sample of National Writing Project teachers. Survey findings are complemented by insights from a series of online and in-person focus groups with middle and high school teachers and students in grades 9-12, conducted between November, 2011 and February, 2012. This particular sample is quite diverse geographically, by subject matter taught, and by school size and community characteristics. But it skews towards “cutting edge” educators who teach some of the most academically successful students in the country. Thus, the findings reported here reflect the realities of their special place in American education, and are not necessarily representative of all teachers in all schools. At the same time, these findings are especially powerful given that these teachers’ observations and judgments emerge from some of the nation’s most advanced classrooms. The internet and digital technologies are significantly impacting how students conduct research: 77% of these teachers say the overall impact
mentioned that it was a group of some kind (41%) or a conspiracy group or theory (44%). When Americans who said they had heard at least a little about QAnon were asked to write in their own words what they
stories for the week. The News Interest Index survey will collect data from Friday through Monday to gauge public interest in the most covered stories of the week. Results for the weekly surveys are based on telephone interviews among a nationwide sample of approximately 1,000 adults, 18 years of age or older, conducted under the direction of ORC (Opinion Research Corporation). For results based on the total sample, one can say with 95% confidence that the error attributable to sampling is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points. In addition to sampling error, one should bear in mind that question wording and practical difficulties
national problems, only about three-in-ten Russians and Ukrainians choose democracy, down significantly from 1991. Roughly half (52%) say this in Lithuania, a 27-percentage-point decline from the level recorded two decades ago. When asked about the current state of democracy in their country, big majorities in all three former republics say they are dissatisfied. Moreover, in Lithuania and Ukraine, dissatisfaction has increased in just the last two years. A fall 2009 Pew Global Attitudes survey found that 60% of
over age 65 have a computer of any kind (40% of adults in that age group use the internet), and they are increasingly likely to use a desktop: 28% of adults age 75 and older use a desktop, and 10% use a laptop.4 Almost half—47%—of adults own an iPod or other mp3 player. However, among the devices examined in this report, mp3 players saw the widest range
careers. But it also turns out that some countries that offer more liberal parental leave policies have higher pay gaps among
views of Trump’s conduct. About half of Country First Conservatives (51%) like Trump’s conduct as president, while 39% have mixed feelings. And among Core Conservatives, who strongly approve of Trump’s job performance, only 41% like his conduct and 51% have mixed feelings. The other GOP-leaning groups are divided in views of Trump’s conduct. About half of Market Skeptic Republicans (49%) say they have mixed feelings, while roughly equal shares say they like (24%) and don’t like (26%) his conduct. And among New Era Enterprisers, more express negative (39%) than positive (23%) views of Trump’s conduct, with 38% expressing mixed feelings. Among Democratic-leaning groups, overwhelming majorities of
factor that has contributed to the growing gender parity in living at
has been too tough. Half of Republicans say coverage has been too easy, not much different from the 55% that said this in July or the 57% that did so in April. Just 12% of Democrats say press coverage of Obama has been too easy. Independents largely mirror the general public. Four-in-ten say coverage of Obama has been fair, 28% say it has been too easy
work effectively with Congress, down somewhat from 79% in April. Similarly, 80% of Republicans are confident Trump can handle an international crisis; 85% said this in April. There has been no significant decline in Republican confidence in Trump to manage the executive branch effectively (83% say this today vs. 84% in April). The share of Republicans who express confidence in Trump to handle the situation with North Korea (80%) is comparable to the ratings he receives from Republicans on other issues (the item on North Korea was not asked in April). Among Democrats and Democratic leaners, very few have confidence in Trump’s ability across issue areas. Just 15% of Democrats today say they are confident Trump can work effectively with Congress, down from 24% in April. There have also been declines in the already small shares of Democrats who have confidence in Trump to manage the executive branch effectively (12% today, 19% in April) or handle an international crisis (10% today, 15% in April). Just 9% of Democrats say they are very or somewhat confident that Trump can handle the situation with North Korea. Well into
bad news has edged upward (from 18%). The Gulf coast oil leak continues to be the public’s most closely followed story, but interest has declined from last week. About four-in-ten (42%) say they followed the story very closely, down from 57% a week ago. Nevertheless, the Gulf oil leak was once again the public’s top news story: 42% say it is
parties are generally more likely to have confidence in Trump. Those with a favorable view of right-wing parties in France, the UK, Italy, the Netherlands, Sweden and Germany tend to express more confidence in Trump. For example, in France, 39% of people
than half of the supporters of private accounts (52%) say they favor the idea mainly because private accounts will give individuals greater control; just 20% support private accounts because
While Francis didn’t specifically refer to condom use, his predecessor, Pope Benedict XVI, once
country than younger, less educated and less devout Turks. Generally, most Turks agree that children will be worse off than their parents financially when they grow up (52%), versus the 40% who say children will be better off. And in contrast to most other countries surveyed, the young are less hopeful about their future. Only 34% of 18 to 29 year-olds in Turkey say the next generation will be in a better position financially compared with 56% of those Turks ages 50 and older. Among the issues tested, rising prices,
in advanced economies prefer creative education more than people in emerging economies do. Among advanced economies, half or more
Business Owners, and women owned more than 9.9 million businesses, about 36% of the total. The remaining 10% of firms were either jointly owned by men and women or could
case was fairly modest. Overall, just 13% of Americans say they followed reports about Simpson’s arrest very closely, while 17% listed it as the single story they followed most closely. By contrast, there was much greater public interest in the situation in Iraq: 32% say they paid very close attention to the war, and 25% followed it
news than in 2008 and the declines are comparable among Obama supporters and Romney supporters. Voters 65 and older are as interested in campaign news as they were four years ago; there are no differences between Obama and Romney voters. This pattern is consistent with the lack of an engagement gap between Republicans and Democrats overall. Since the summer,
on proposals to allow concealed carry in more places and to permit teachers to carry guns. About seven-in-ten Republicans and Republican leaners favor allowing concealed carry
and digital news video than older ones. Nearly half of adults ages 18 to 29 watch online news video. That substantially
is 31 percentage points lower among the youngest generation (33%). Meanwhile, the share of Muslim men who never received any formal education dropped by a
though the popularity of both is nearly unchanged among the public overall, according to a new analysis of Pew Research Center survey data. Today, as many
demonstrated, they are out of step with the vast majority of Pakistanis. About three-in-four (74%) Pakistanis said that education is equally important for girls and boys, while just 17% considered it more important for boys and 7% believed it is more important for girls.
is little changed from three years ago (24%). (The trends are similar in views of the rise of Islamic extremism worldwide.) At the same time, there has been a substantial drop in the public’s ratings of the government’s efforts to reduce terrorism. Though a 56% majority says the government is doing very well
For example, it is not necessarily inconsistent to insist that America remain the world’s only superpower and to see military strength as the best way to achieve peace, yet at the same time to be exceedingly cautious about the application of military force – as is the position of many older Americans. Similarly, while younger people believe America’s best approach to foreign policy is through cooperation and compromise, they also see the use of military force as a tool in the foreign policy toolbox – a practical and tough-minded way to achieve a compassionate
high rates of internet access, and poorer countries typically have fewer internet users. At some point, however, access in richer countries will max
instance, despite sharp declines in favorable views of the U.S. in France and Germany since 2002, Russia’s image in those countries is no better. There is little evidence that discontent with the major nations of the world and their leaders is resulting in greater confidence in those who have challenged the global status quo. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez inspires little public confidence, even in Latin America, and huge majorities in most countries also say they have little or no confidence in Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to do the right thing regarding world affairs. There also is broad opposition to Iran’s acquisition of nuclear
higher than the shares of male college graduates (67%) and women and men with lower levels of education. The recent
Democratic Party has lost ground since 2016. The share of Hispanic registered voters who say Democrats have more concern for Hispanics than Republicans has declined in recent years
them, but a similar share (35%) say it would be best for them to be working part time; a quarter of mothers who are not employed say it would be best for them to be working full time. When asked more generally about the ideal situation for men and women with young
South Korea, while about a third (34%) disapprove. The public is less supportive of Abe’s handling of relations with China (46% approve, 40% disapprove). Men (58%) are more supportive than women (46%) of Abe’s handling of the economy. There is a 13-percentage-point difference in views between men (81%) and women (68%) about the prime minister’s handling of relations with the U.S. Japanese with more than a high school education are more supportive (53%) than those with a high school education or less (42%) of Abe’s dealings with China. And there is a similar division in views about his relations with South Korea (62% support from more highly educated Japanese, 50% from the less educated). The Japanese
checks. 15About six-in-ten Americans ages 18 to 29 say the primary way they watch television now is with streaming services on the internet. Much smaller shares of older Americans cite online streaming services as their primary way of watching TV; older Americans tend to rely on cable connections. Overall, just 28% of Americans cite streaming services as the primary way they watch TV. 16Views on whether whites benefit from societal
levels of anti-incumbent sentiment match or exceed those in the last several midterms. In the 2006 and 2010 midterms, which both resulted in a shift in control of the House, about half of voters said they wanted to see most members of Congress defeated. In recent elections, those in the “out” party have been significantly more likely to want to see representatives lose their jobs. But today, perhaps reflecting voters’ more generally negative views about Congress, Republican and Democratic voters are about equally likely to want to see representatives lose their jobs. Seven-in-ten voters who support Republican candidates (70%) and about as many Democratic voters (65%) say they do not want most representatives to
on a typical day, 43% of online adults use social networking, up from 38% a year ago and just 13% in 2008. Out of all the “daily” online activities that we ask about, only email (which 61% of internet users access
themselves as liberal, an increase of 27 percentage points since 2000. Among white Democrats, 19% called themselves very liberal in 2019, compared with 6%
our Religious Landscape Study found that Mormons are among the groups most likely to believe the Bible is the word of God (91%), pray daily (85%), say religion is
2016, 57% of Hispanic voters say they are dissatisfied with the way things are going in the country, up from 50% in 2012. Among them, those born in the U.S. are more
major demographic group in which more approve than disapprove. Large majorities of blacks (88%) and Hispanics (72%) give Trump negative job ratings. Among men, nearly half (49%) disapprove of Trump’s job performance, while 44% approve. Women disapprove by a
of five different types of computing devices—cell phones, desktop computers, laptop computers, e-readers, and tablet computers—and found that one
Interest Index is a weekly survey conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press aimed at gauging the public’s interest in and reaction to major news events. This project has been undertaken in conjunction with the Project for Excellence in Journalism’s News Coverage Index, an ongoing content analysis of the news. The News Coverage Index catalogues the news from top news organizations across five major sectors of the media: newspapers, network television, cable television, radio and the internet. Each week (from Monday through Sunday) PEJ compiles this
not understand people like them, while 40% feel they are understood, as reported in a recent Pew Research Center study. Republicans, however, are
some point in their life. This includes some whose departure was only temporary: 11% of all people raised Catholic left the church but later returned. But about four-in-ten of
Center survey, 69% of Democratic women, but just 46% of Democratic men, said they hope the U.S. elects a female president in their lifetime. Republican women and men – perhaps already contemplating a possible Clinton campaign – were far less likely than Democrats to say they
when just 17% backed gay marriage. There also are substantial partisan differences on the issue of same-sex marriage. A majority of Democrats (53%) favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally while 38% are opposed. By contrast, only 24% of Republicans support same-sex marriage and 69% are opposed. Independents and other non-partisans are now divided in their view: 44% favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally while 43% are opposed. In 2009, more independents opposed same-sex marriage than favored it
30 give a warm rating to law enforcement, 22% are neutral and another 29% are cold in their assessments. By comparison, 80% of adults ages
online (52%); additionally, one-third play online games (34%) or chat with friends online (33%). There are few statistically significant differences between male and female online economic users. The
approved for one. “Foreign born who are not legal residents and not U.S. citizens” refers to persons who indicate they are foreign born, who say they do not have a green card and have not been approved for one, and who indicate they do
according to the survey. About half (53%) of Hispanic registered voters say they are absolutely certain they will vote this year, unchanged from the 51% who said the same in 2010. And today 35% say they have given this year’s election “quite a lot” of thought compared with 32%
under age 30 do not think Trump will be in charge most of the time: 64% say other people will really be running the government. By contrast, 67% of those ages 65 and older say that Trump will be in charge of what goes on in his administration most of the time. There are wide demographic differences in views of the job
reports to the FAA of drone sightings in unauthorized areas have grown in recent years. The agency has been tracking reports of unmanned aircraft sightings around planes, airports and other unauthorized
in the digital gig economy cover a wide spectrum of characteristics and a diverse range of motivations – from dedicated workers
on par with older generations: Just 27% now say it has a positive impact, compared with 26% of Xers and Silents and 23% of Boomers. Younger
in race and ethnicity exists across all age groups. Non-Hispanic whites account for about three-fourths (74%) of newsroom employees ages
and Germany, and nearly 9% in France. Also, 46% of American adults say they personally know a Muslim, compared with significant majorities in most Western European countries, including 71% in the UK and 79%
households and 6.3 times the income of lower-income households. These income ratios increased to 2.4 and 7.3 in 2016, respectively. A recent Pew Research Center analysis also found that the wealth gaps between upper-income families and lower- and middle-income families
over the phone (28% vs. 1% among those who did not know their harasser), changed their username or deleted an online profile (15%
gap – the difference between the youngest group, Millennials, and the oldest, Silents – in ratings of Obama for much of the last
of Democrats and Democratic leaners say the same. Wide majorities of Democrats and Republicans report having a favorable opinion of the Postal Service, the National Park Service, NASA, the CDC and
such as religion-related harassment and terrorism. 5Young Saudi women are among the most educated in the Muslim world. Despite laws that require women to have a male guardian – a
threat. Other international threats ranked higher. About eight-in-ten Americans (79%) called ISIS a major threat, 71% said the
while 40% are unsure if most video games portray women poorly. Those who play video games themselves are more likely than non-game players to think positively
view; 30% of this group says climate change is mostly due to natural patterns in the earth’s environment and 41% say there is no solid evidence the earth is warming. The Pew Research survey asked a question about the role of astronauts in the future as part of space exploration: “The cost of sending human astronauts to space is considerably greater than the cost
policies is almost as widespread as it was during Bush’s second term. Thinking about the next presidential election, 65% would like to see the next president offer different policies and programs from the Obama administration while 30% want Obama’s successor to offer similar policies. In
2016 survey, a majority (55%) of Americans held an unfavorable opinion of their largest Asian rival. In the United States,
of the total revenues rose to 8% in 2014 compared to just 1% in 2013. Media General enjoyed the strongest boost in
and 2014, while not directly comparable due to different polling methods and question wording, have also found that women tend to be less accepting than men when it comes to gene editing for babies. People high in science knowledge – based on a nine-item index – tend to be more accepting of using gene editing for babies.4 Some 86% of those with high science knowledge believe it is appropriate to use gene editing to treat a congenital disorder, compared with 58% of those with low science knowledge. And, 71% of those with high science knowledge say it is appropriate
thought 2014 would be better than 2013. Those under 30 are often the most optimistic age group about the coming year. However, in the current survey they are no more likely to say 2015 will be better than 2014 than are those ages 30-49 (56%). The public’s expectations for cooperation between leaders in Washington are highly partisan. Fully 66% of Democrats think Obama will cooperate at least a fair amount with Republican leaders in Congress over the next two years, compared with just 19% of Republicans who say this. When it comes to Republicans leaders in Congress, Democrats are skeptical that they will cooperate with
(33%) think the system is fair to most Americans. This opinion is little changed since last year. The view that the economic system is tilted toward the powerful is shared by those in all income categories. Stark Partisan Divide over Government Aid to Poor. About half of the public (49%) says government aid to the poor does more good than harm, because people are unable to escape poverty until basic needs are met. Nearly as many (44%) say government aid to the poor does more harm than good, by making people dependent on the government. There is a stark partisan divide in these attitudes: 74% of Democrats say government assistance to the poor, on
population. Concerns over corrupt officials top the list, with 44% of Chinese saying this is a very big problem. Still, this is down 10 percentage points from 2014, when 54% cited corrupt officials as a top concern. About a third of Chinese are worried about environmental damage, with 35%
messaging is used on a daily basis much more than others. Roughly nine-in-ten teens (88%) spend time with their friends via text messaging at least occasionally,
in Germany, overwhelming majorities in many countries say unemployment, the public debt, rising prices and the gap between the rich and the poor are very important problems. Unemployment is the number one worry in seven of the eight countries. Inequality is the principle concern in Germany. Apprehension about economic mobility and inequality is also widespread. Across the eight nations polled, a median of 66%, including 90% of the French, think children today will be worse off financially than their parents when they grow up. A median of 77% believe that the economic system generally favors the wealthy. This includes 95% of the
gender, age and racial and ethnic lines. Women (55%) are more likely than men (46%) to believe that the trilateral trade agreement has been good for the U.S. And about twice as many
practices because of the RIAA suits. That represents a significant jump in just two months. About a third of current music downloaders say they use peer-to-peer networks. Another 24% of them say they swap files using email and instant messaging; 20% download files from music-related Web sites like those run by music magazines or musician homepages. And while online music services like iTunes are far from trumping the popularity of file-sharing networks, 17% of current music downloaders say they are using these paid services. Overall, 7% of Internet users
situation stabilized. Americans continue to say the decision to use force in Afghanistan was the right one, and 58% believe the United States will definitely or probably succeed
“God was behind the last election.” But how many Americans believe Trump was chosen by God to be president? And among those who think God’s hand
Democrats in feeling misunderstood by the news media (63% say this), though whether they lean to the Republican or Democratic Party has a
credit at the Tiffany jewelry story. About three-quarters (74%) say they do not know. The credit line briefly became news in May just after Gingrich’s rocky entrance into the GOP race. In awareness of this story, as well as of other campaign events, there are only modest partisan differences. Four-in-ten (40%) say they followed reports about the condition of the economy very closely last week,
More than half (54%) of Japanese have a favorable opinion of India, down from 65% in 2006. In contrast, only 27% of Japanese express a favorable view of South Korea. The legacy of Japan’s colonial occupation of Korea remains a sore point in bilateral relations. And Seoul has recently pressed Tokyo to accept greater responsibility for “comfort women,” Korean women pressed into work as sex workers during World War II. This may explain why the 2016 favorability of South Korea in Japan is
say that undocumented immigrants living in the United States mostly fill jobs that American citizens do not want. Nearly as many (65%) say undocumented immigrants are not more likely than U.S. citizens to commit serious crimes. Opinions on both measures are little changed since 2016. Across nearly all demographic groups, majorities say that undocumented immigrants do not have negative effects on job availability for U.S citizens and serious crime in the country. About eight-in-ten Democrats and Democratic leaners (82%) say undocumented immigrants do not take jobs that American citizens want. By comparison, a smaller 57%-majority of Republicans and Republican leaners take this view.
do the right thing some of the time or hardly ever. Even so, a majority of Americans (69%) say these companies are no more or less ethical than companies in other industries. Around one-in-five (22%) think they are generally less ethical than companies in other industries, while 8% feel they are more ethical than others. Republicans and Republican leaners are around twice as likely as Democrats to say these companies are less ethical than others (30% vs. 16%). But a majority of Americans belonging to or leaning toward each party say major
Overall, Africans, along with Asians and Latin Americans, tend to express more positive views about economic conditions than do Europeans and Middle Easterners. Similarly, optimism for the next generation is higher in Africa, Asia, and Latin America. Since our first international poll in 2001, the Pew Research Center has surveyed 26 African nations, exploring how average citizens across the continent feel about the important issues in their countries and their own lives, as well as examining their perspectives on religion, international
other Republicans to agree with their party on abortion. And four-in-ten Republicans who identify as liberal or moderate (41%) say they agree with the GOP on abortion, about half the share of those who identify as conservative (81%). Among Democrats,
to central Florida. The share of Hispanic eligible voters of other ancestry (such as Mexico and South America) has also increased, from 29% then to 42% today. On the other,
Bullock’s plans to divorce her husband and her recent adoption of a baby boy: 31% say they have heard a lot about these developments and 40% say they have heard a little. Women are much more likely to say they have heard a lot about developments in the actress’s life than men (42% vs. 18%). Fewer than two-in-ten (17%) say they heard a lot about Crist’s announcement that he would run for Florida’s open seat in the U.S. Senate as
a third (35%) say they followed news about the earthquake more closely than any other story, but close to a quarter (23%) say they followed the Massachusetts election most closely. Just 6% of Democrats say they followed the election for Kennedy’s seat more closely than any other story. Among independents, 42% say they followed Haiti news most closely, and 13% say they followed
associated with New Age beliefs. For instance, just as women are more likely than men to identify with a religion and to
more than half (51%) of young adults ages 25-29.2 Though cell phones are now ubiquitous in American homes, the level of engagement with the phones does vary widely between generations. As shown in the above table, our May 2010 survey found that while roughly the same proportion of adults in the Millennial generation and Generation X own cell phones, Millennials are significantly more likely to use their
all.” Very few users (2%) describe their experiences as “very difficult,” while 16% say they are “somewhat difficult” and another 30% say the controls are “not too difficult” to manage. Social media users who are college graduates
We tested five of Trump’s major national security and foreign policy proposals – withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal, placing tighter restrictions on people entering the U.S. from certain majority-Muslim nations, pulling out of international climate change agreements, withdrawing from trade deals
racial progress in the U.S., the public and the police stand on opposite sides of a wide attitudinal divide. At the same time, majorities of police officers and the public favor the use of body cameras, favor relaxing some restrictions on marijuana, and believe that
according to the latest News Interest Index survey conducted Nov. 11-14 among 1,001 adults. The public’s perceptions of economic news remain mixed, but are far less positive than earlier this year. Roughly half (53%) say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy; 41% say they are hearing mostly bad news while just 5% say
2014, a nearly fivefold increase. This growth happened after the Bush administration in 2008 extended the amount of time STEM graduates may work in the U.S. to a maximum of 29 months.
threat to their health, but not their finances. However, 40% say it is not a major threat either to their health or their finances. Compared with older age groups, younger Americans are more likely to
with 42% citing Iraq as the most important problem in the wake of Bush’s proposal to increase the number of troops there. The relative importance of economic problems has risen substantially in recent
U.S. military mission in Afghanistan. A majority (56%) says the United States has mostly failed in achieving its goals in Afghanistan; 36% say the United States has mostly succeeded. These views are little changed from early last year. A declining share of Americans sees prospects for long-term stability in Afghanistan. Just 29% say it is likely that
88% still say that a lack of job opportunities is a very big problem in their country. Indeed, sub-Saharan Africa made the least progress among all developing regions
Americans stand out on this question. Among 21 nations polled,
were eligible to vote in 2000. Asians will account for 5% of next year’s electorate. Taken together, nonwhites will account for a third of eligible voters, their largest share ever. 2The decline of Christianity is continuing at a rapid pace in the U.S. Around two-thirds of U.S. adults (65%) describe themselves as Christian, according to Pew Research Center telephone surveys conducted in 2018 and 2019. That’s down 12 percentage points since 2009. At the same time, the share of “nones” – religiously unaffiliated adults who describe their religion as atheist, agnostic or “nothing in particular”
U.S. is currently having on economic conditions in their country, views are more mixed. One-third of Mexicans say the U.S. is having a positive impact on national economic conditions in Mexico, while 28% think the U.S. is having a bad impact on their country’s economy. More than
recent caucuses and primaries, the divide was wider: 50% said Romney was the most visible candidate; 19% said Santorum was. Among Republicans and GOP leaners, about as many (41%) now say they are hearing most about Romney as say they
were during Barack Obama’s presidency, while Republicans have become more bullish. Today Republicans are 19 percentage points more likely to say they expect their personal finances to improve over the next year (82% vs. 63%). Throughout much of Obama’s tenure, the expectations gap was the reverse. The survey finds that Americans’ views of factors affecting their personal financial pressures have changed somewhat in recent years. In particular, far fewer Americans (37%) say the price of gas affects their
to 6%. By December 2017, 11% of lawmakers’ posts received “angry” responses, including 9% of posts by Democrats and 13% of posts by Republicans. (This part of the Center’s
which Washington and Seoul labeled “destabilizing and unlawful” – Americans and many people in the Asia-Pacific region held negative views of North
the religiously unaffiliated (85%) support legal marriage for same-sex couples. By comparison, a majority of white evangelical Protestants oppose same-sex marriage (59% oppose, 35% favor), while black Protestants are roughly divided in their views (44% favor, 50% oppose). Support for same-sex marriage has risen across all religious groups in
to say they or someone in their household has experienced a pay cut or lost their job because of the coronavirus outbreak, according to a Pew Research Center survey
Coalition for Reproductive Justice. If the U.S. Supreme Court does end up taking the Cline case (probably in 2014), it would be the high
(56%) say that mothers are doing a worse job today than mothers did 20 or 30 years ago. By comparison, somewhat fewer people (47%) say fathers are doing a worse job than fathers did 20 or 30 years ago. The biggest challenge in raising children today, according to parents and non-parents alike, is dealing with the outside influences of society.
of undocumented immigrants, support for the U.S.-Mexico border wall and priorities for dealing with illegal immigration largely mirror partisan differences on these issues. But among Trump backers in particular, there are some notable differences in these views by strength of support for the candidate. Half of all Trump supporters say
also favor restrictions on abortion. Nearly three-quarters (73%) favor requiring women under age 18 to get parental consent before being allowed to get an abortion. This ambivalence is reflected in opinions on the overall availability of abortion. About a third (35%) say abortion should be generally available, but 23% favor stricter limits on abortion and 31% favor making it illegal except in cases of rape, incest or to save a woman’s life. Only about one-in-ten (9%) say abortion should never be permitted. Moreover, while nearly six-in-ten (59%) think it would be a good thing to reduce the number of abortions in the U.S., one-third (33%) say they don’t feel this way. The new study ­ based on separate surveys conducted July 13-17 among 1,502 adults, and July 7-17 among 2,000 adults ­ finds that the public’s views on social issues are complex, defying easy categorization. But religion plays a pivotal role in
women. Women make up a slight majority (53%) of active DACA recipients, while 47% are men, according to the tabulations from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. The average age of “Dreamers” enrolled in
— openness to experience and extraversion — and preferences toward new technology. Americans with higher openness to experience are more likely to prefer early technology adoption; a third of those more open
the past four years. The opinions of Democrats have remained much more stable. The News Interest Index is a weekly survey conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press aimed at gauging the public’s interest in and reaction to major news events. This project has been undertaken in conjunction with the Project for Excellence in Journalism’s News Coverage Index, an ongoing content
often express their U.S. identity by speaking only English in public (21%), talking about their pride in being American (17%) or wearing clothing that shows their U.S. pride (11%). Public expressions of identity differed greatly by party affiliation. About four-in-ten (44%) Hispanic
information for both content and reliability. Afterward, I will follow up with books and other resources from the library.” – Man, 45 “All available: Web, reviews, leg work, asking questions, reviewing with my family, finding people who had
scientists in policy debates or lead to increased efforts to combat global climate change. Overall, 44% of adults think the protests, marches and demonstrations will boost public support for science, while an equal share believe the protests will make no difference and 7% believe the demonstrations will actually hurt the cause. But on this and other questions about the marches there are
the rest identifying as either Christian or religiously unaffiliated. 5With a median age of 36, Buddhists are older than the world’s
Senate and House have been working on bills to overhaul
went to news about budget problems facing state and local governments. About a quarter of the public (24%) said they followed this news – featured prominently in the inaugural speeches of several new governors – very closely, while 8% said this was the news they followed most closely. About a quarter (26%) said they followed news about the incoming GOP leaders of Congress very closely, just about matching the 25% that said they followed news about
reported that the government monitored its emails and telephone conversations and granted financial support for churches based on the clergy’s political affiliation. The church also reported that
to an analysis of Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Though some national publications have seen growth in revenue and in digital subscriptions over the past few years, the newspaper sector overall continues to face challenges. 2Cable news was a
proposition, likes political leaders who are willing to make compromises. In our April 2012 survey, fully 80% said they wanted leaders who were willing to compromise to get
Other notable decreases in the share held by the middle class included Germany, where it fell from 77% to 70%, and the U.S., where the share slipped from 62% to 56%. Ireland and the UK are the only countries in which the shares of aggregate household income held
Within both parties, those with higher levels of education are more likely than those with lower levels of education to expect the negative impacts of the coronavirus outbreak on the economy to last at least a year. These differences are particularly pronounced among Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents. Among Democrats, those with at least a college degree are 15 percentage points more likely than those with no degree to say that the economic impact of the coronavirus outbreak will last at least a year (58% compared with 43%). A third of college-educated Republicans think the economic problems resulting from the outbreak will last a year or more, compared with 26% of Republicans with
surpassed immigration as the main reason for growth of the Mexican-American population. The population of Mexican-born residents of the U.S. is larger than the population of most countries or states. Among Mexican-born people worldwide, one-in-ten lives in the
for backing the deal also differ. Americans, more than Germans, are somewhat more likely to support this trade agreement as part of a broader effort to boost competitiveness with China. These are among the main findings of two parallel Pew Research Center surveys conducted among 953 people in Germany from February 25 to February 26, 2014 and 1,002 people in the United States from February 27 to March 2, 2014. All interviews were done by telephone. The survey was conducted in partnership with the Bertelsmann Foundation, the North American arm of the Bertelsmann Stiftung, a German foundation that promotes international understanding. By more than two-to-one, Germans (55% to 25%) and Americans (53% to 20%) say TTIP will be good for their countries. There is no partisan divide in support for TTIP between adherents of the major German political parties, but more Democrats
France (increase of 11 percentage points), the UK (+10) and Spain (+9) share the view that immigrants strengthen their country. Publics are somewhat divided over the impact of immigration on crime, with a median of 38% believing that immigrants are more to blame for crime than other groups and 45% saying immigrants are no more to blame. The share who say immigrants are more responsible for crime ranges from 22% in France and the UK to 59% in Greece. More Europeans believe immigrants want to be distinct rather than adopt their new countries’ customs. A median of 38% say migrants are willing to adopt their customs and way of life while 51% believe immigrants want to remain distinct from the broader society. A median of 57% say immigration increases the risk of terrorism in their countries, while 38% say it has no impact. Still, in France, Spain and the UK, half or more believe immigration does not increase the odds of terrorism. Even though many people in the nations surveyed say they want
27-July 9 among 2,505 adults, with a follow-up survey conducted Aug. 15-21 among 1,893 respondents. The typology is not intended to measure changes over time in the electorate, but some of the internal party differences that were evident 30 years ago still persist today. For example, Core Conservatives are far more likely than Country First Conservatives to favor societal acceptance of homosexuality. In 1987, two roughly parallel groups – Enterprise Republicans and Moral Republicans – differed over a disputed social policy at that time, whether or not school boards should have the right to fire homosexual teachers. There also have been long-standing divisions among Democratic groups
measured by real gross national product, has declined in tandem with its population. It shrank in seven of the past eight
survey only 36% of the French public said that Muslims want to adopt the French way of life while 59% said they want to remain distinct; now 46% say adopt, 53% say remain distinct. For their part, Muslims in France, Great Britain, and Spain are substantially more likely than their general publics to say that Muslims want to adopt the customs and way of life of the country into which they immigrate. Indeed, nearly eight-in-ten French Muslims (78%) believe this. Again, Germany is different: Only 30% of German Muslims think Muslims coming into that country today want to assimilate – most say they want to be separate and most Germans agree. Perceptions of the strength of Islamic identity among Muslims have changed little over the year. Substantial majorities in both Western Europe and the United States continue to believe Muslims in their country have a very or fairly strong sense of Islamic identity. European Muslims’ perceptions largely match those of the general public, with the exception of Germany. While 84% of the German public sees Muslims having
U.S. economy very closely (32% each). In its second week in the headlines, bullying accusations within the Miami Dolphins football team were followed by 14% of the public. Men (17%) are
coverage and interest across the entire year’s worth of weekly measurements (as defined by a simple regression analysis). Data points above the diagonal line represent stories in which public interest was high relative to the amount of press coverage. Those points below the line show stories in which press coverage was high relative to the amount of public interest. In both directions, the farther a story is from the line, the greater the gap between interest and coverage. The News Interest Index is a weekly survey conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People &
an estimated $3,173,895 from an estimated $2,476,244,
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, the host of the summit, has expressed interest in using artificial intelligence, robots and big data to achieve a “Society 5.0,” which would involve the integration of cyber (or virtual) space and physical space. When asked whether robots and computers
Associate Director Mark Hugo Lopez, Research Associate Ana Gonzalez-Barrera and Research Assistant Eileen Patten. Paul Taylor, Scott Keeter, Leah Christian, Michael Dimock, Gretchen Livingston, Lee Rainie and Aaron Smith provided editorial guidance. The author thanks Taylor, Keeter, Christian, Livingston, Patten, Rakesh Kochhar, Rich Morin, Seth Motel, Kim Parker and Antonio Rodriguez
a time when President-elect Joe Biden has said he wants the U.S. to rejoin the Iran nuclear pact brokered under the Obama administration and from which President Trump
to major news stories, examines news interest as it relates to the news media’s coverage. The weekly survey is conducted in conjunction with The Project for Excellence in Journalism’s News Coverage Index, which monitors the news reported by major newspaper, television, radio and online news outlets on an ongoing basis. In the most recent week, data relating to news coverage were collected February 28-March 6, and survey data measuring public interest in the top news stories of the week were
to offer no opinion (27% vs. 18%). The 29-point partisan gap in the percentages sympathizing more with Israel is about the same as it has been in recent years. But differences were
points in 2016. This gender gap is driven in part by the fact that young women are more likely to finish college than their
of illegal immigration. A third say a lot, but four-in-ten say not too much, and one-in-five say none at all. These variances likely reflect the reality that immigration has become a politically heated local issue in some parts of the country but not in
on the basis of religious affiliation, education and age. Notably, there are virtually no differences in the opinions of women and men. A majority of white mainline Protestants (60%) and black Protestants (64%) say abortion should be legal in all or most cases. By contrast, 77% of white evangelical Protestants say abortion should be illegal in all or most cases. Among Catholics, more say abortion should be legal (56%) than illegal (42%) in all or most cases.
has declined slightly—to 65%—as Mexican migration to the U.S. has slowed (Passel, Cohn and Gonzalez-Barrera, 2012). The nation’s Hispanic-origin population differs in many other ways
trade with, and foreign aid to developing countries. And about half say Japan should take its allies’ concerns into account when making Japanese foreign policy. Yet Japanese embrace of the world has its limits. Despite quite negative views of China and the threat China’s emergence as a world power poses for Japan, the Japanese overwhelmingly reject a more robust military role for their country in the Asia-Pacific region. There is little support for more military spending, and the Japanese oppose using overwhelming military force to defeat terrorism. Moreover, the Japanese, like Europeans and Americans, are exclusionary in their view of national identity. For a person to be considered truly Japanese, around nine-in-ten believe that a person
visa program as the nation’s largest source of new temporary high-skilled immigrant workers. In 2017, a record 276,500 foreign graduates received work permits under
(26%) say there are “not very strong conflicts,” and just 4% say there are “not conflicts.” An even higher percentage (86%) says there are strong conflicts between Republicans and Democrats, including 64% who say these conflicts are very strong. Six-in-ten say there are strong or very strong conflicts between the rich and poor. Fewer describe conflicts between people who live in cities and those who live in rural areas, or between young people and older people as strong (37% and 35%, respectively). Views on group conflict
Among adults who completed a bachelor’s degree at a private, non-profit school in the 2011-2012 school year, 74% took out loans to pay for
by only 12% from 2000 to 2012. Hispanic population
As with cell phones, young adults are especially likely to own an mp3 player—75% of 18-29 year olds do so. Game console ownership is highly correlated with age and parental status. While six in
favorable view of Congress (56%). Roughly half of the public sees the Aam Aadmi Party (47%) and Arvind Kejriwal, the party’s national convenor (50%), favorably. By more than four-to-one (68% to 15%) Indians believe their country plays a more important rather than a less significant role in the world today than it did a decade ago. And by
the pandemic is more positive across the board, with 71% of all adults saying journalists have done very or somewhat well. But that percentage is lowest among 18- to 29-year-olds, at 63%. In addition, a solid majority of those 18 to 29 (61%) say the media in general only sometimes or hardly ever get their
that the U.S. would go too far in getting involved militarily in the conflict with ISIS. 22While wary about U.S. global involvement, there has been a shift in
as the most effective way to stem cross-border immigration, up from 49% a year ago. By comparison, just 25% say increasing the number of border patrol agents is the
smartphone owners) are also incorporating their mobile devices into a host of information seeking and transactional behaviors. About three-quarters of 18-29 year old smartphone owners have used their phone in the last year to get information about a health condition; about seven-in-ten have used their phone to do online banking or to look up information about job; 44% have consumed educational content on their phone; and 34% have used their phone to apply for a job. A substantial majority of smartphone owners use their phone to follow along with news events near and far, and to share
highlight international perceptions of Trump. 1Globally, Trump is much less popular than his predecessor. Across 37 countries we surveyed in spring 2017, a median of just 22% said they have confidence in Trump to do the right thing in world affairs. In
in every country surveyed. His highest ratings are in China and Italy, yet even there they do not reach a quarter. Furthermore, in Sweden, fully 82% have no confidence at all in Trump. And in
Rather, they asserted that it was becoming a commodity to be purchased. 7For most Americans who are making decisions about sharing their information in return for a product, service or other benefit, the context and conditions of the transactions matter. When considering this basic digital era trade-off, many are in an “It depends” frame of mind. Risk-benefit calculations that enter people’s minds during the decision process include the terms of the deal; the circumstances of
and “is naturally defensive when it comes to any criticism.” A 36-year-old woman says that while Clinton would make a “fine president,” she adds she is “concerned about her trustworthiness.” The new survey also finds that, no matter who wins on Nov. 8, few voters anticipate feeling excited about the outcome. Just 11% of all registered voters say they
income and assets for their retirement, according to a 2012
of oil, coal and natural gas, according to a December 2014 survey. Yet when asked about specific policies to address the energy supply, a majority of Americans continue to
now support one of the two major parties in October, splitting about evenly between Republicans and Democrats (30% Republican, 24% Democratic). Among likely voters, however, shifts among third party or undecided voters have slightly favored the Republicans, adding perhaps one point to their advantage over the Democrats. Hostility to the opposing party is a key marker of polarization and is a strong motivator to vote, especially among conservatives and Republicans. Ideology and partisan antipathy are related: Those holding ideologically consistent opinions are far more likely than others to view the opposing party negatively, and even to view it as a
older. According to a separate Pew Research Center survey of American parents conducted in 2015, half of married or cohabiting couples living with
have heard of them. Just 57% of Republican and Republican-leaning voters have heard of Wisconsin Gov. Walker, yet 23% say there is a good chance they would vote for him and just 7% say there is no chance. And Carson has name recognition only among 48% of GOP voters, but 21% say there is a good chance he would get their vote while just 5% say there is no chance of this. Chris Christie sits on the other end of the spectrum. Though relatively well-known (83% of GOP voters have heard of the New Jersey governor), there is little potential support for a Christie candidacy: Just 9% of GOP voters say there is a good chance they would vote for him, while nearly four-in-ten (39%) say there is no chance. In contrast to the tight Republican field, Hillary Clinton enjoys broad support among Democratic voters. Potential rivals for
will cover a range of research findings about unauthorized immigrants: I start with national and state trends in the size and growth of the unauthorized immigrant population. These trends are analyzed with regard to the national origins of the unauthorized immigrants, focusing on those from Mexico. Then I turn to a discussion of the number of unauthorized immigrants in the U.S. labor force and changing patterns over time. Finally, I examine the industries and occupations where unauthorized immigrants are represented with a discussion of differences across the states. This testimony draws heavily from a report the Pew Research Center released last November (Passel and Cohn, 2014) and a new report we are releasing today (Passel and Cohn, 2015). The unauthorized immigrant population in the U.S. peaked at 12.2 million in 2007 after growing steadily by about half a million per
hand, this group, which makes up half of the adult U.S. Hispanic population, is less likely than other Americans to have ever visited a U.S. public library and is much less likely to say that they see it as “very easy” to do so. At the same time, Hispanic immigrants who have made their way to a public library stand out as the most appreciative
as highly. 5Individualism is often considered a central feature of American identity, and the survey highlights some of the ways in
know which candidate most reporters support. A separate study released Wednesday by the Pew Research Center’s Project for Excellence in Journalism looks at the media’s recent campaign coverage and finds that McCain received significantly more negative than positive coverage between the GOP convention and the final debate. The study says that press treatment of Obama has been somewhat more positive than negative, but not markedly so. [See “Winning the Media Campaign” released October 22, 2008.] In recent presidential campaigns, voters repeatedly have said they thought journalists favored the Democratic candidate over the Republican. But this
(51%) have a positive view of their prime minister, down 11 percentage points from 2013. In
Court handed down its landmark Brown v. Board of Education decision, holding that racial segregation in public schools violated the
an effect. Among those with lower incomes – less than $75,000 – only about a quarter say the law will have mostly positive effects for them and their families. And about as many (or more in the case of those with incomes below $40,000) expect mostly negative personal effects. Income differences are more modest in
Newt Gingrich (12%). In the new survey, just 5% say they heard the most about Trump and 2% Gingrich. While Palin matches Romney in visibility among the public, far more Republicans name Romney than Palin as the GOP candidate they are hearing the most about (34% to 20%). No other possible GOP candidate comes close. The survey finds that as public’s perceptions of economic news have grown more negative, so
fact, there’s been no significant improvement in the hiring rate for nearly three years. By comparison, the hiring rate before the Great Recession typically was at or near 4%. The quits
or good (59%) value for the money
survey looking at various security-related issues finds that notable numbers of internet users say they have experienced problems because others stole their personal information or otherwise took advantage of their
of Christians are present in all but a few parts of the world: Roughly two-thirds of the world’s countries, for example, have Christian majorities. By contrast, smaller
(69% vs. 61%). There are only modest partisan differences on other questions in the survey. As in past surveys, college graduates perform better
(46%) say it is more important for the state to ensure that nobody is in need; among older Americans, however, about six-in-ten consider being free a higher priority, with just about three-in-ten saying the state should play an active role so that nobody is in need. No such age difference is evident in the four Western European countries surveyed. Asked if they agree that “success in life is pretty much determined by forces outside our control,” Americans again offer more individualistic views than those expressed by Western Europeans. Only 36% of Americans believe they have little control over their fate, compared with 50% in Spain, 57% in France and 72% in Germany; Britain is the only Western European country surveyed where fewer than half (41%) share this view. In the U.S. and in Western Europe, those without a college degree are less individualistic
losing more often than winning in politics. In our new survey examining the public’s attitudes about government, just 25% say that, “on the
would like to see most incumbents voted out. A solid majority of Americans (57%) rate developing new energy sources as a higher priority than protecting the environment. That represents a modest change from recent years, when slightly fewer than half viewed developing energy sources as a greater priority. There has been a comparable shift in views on whether it is more important to expand energy exploration or increase conservation. Opinion tilts slightly in favor of conservation (by 48%-43%), but by a smaller margin than in 2002. Young people, in particular, now view developing new energy sources as a more important priority than protecting the environment. Currently, 58% of those ages 18-29 say developing new energy sources is a more important priority than protecting the environment; in March, a narrow
for a job. A substantial majority of smartphone owners use their phone to follow along with news events near and far, and to share details of local happenings with others: Each of these behaviors is common across a diverse group of smartphone owners. Mobile news consumption is common even among older smartphone owners, who tend to use these devices for more basic activities. Four-in-ten smartphone owners ages 65 and older use their phone at least occasionally to keep up with breaking news, half use it to share information about local happenings, and one-third use it to stay
and on-demand services are starting to weave their way into the lives of Americans. About seven-in-ten Americans (72%) have used some type of online or shared service, such as the ride-hailing service Uber or the home-sharing service Airbnb. College graduates, those with relatively high household incomes and those younger than 45 are most exposed to these services. Those with lower incomes and who
the agreement favorably. Americans embrace the idea of expanding trade relations specifically with Japan. Fully
guess that at least 54.5% of these adults will vote, and perhaps more. We won’t know until after November if Boomers and their elders
Chicago Sun-Times axed its entire 28-person photography department. Another major U.S. daily, The Atlanta Journal Constitution,
done was that the parties had grown so far apart, while 36% said
remarkably different views of the Middle Eastern leaders tested. Overall, Shias and Sunnis disagree the most, with Christians’ views falling somewhere in the middle. Shia Muslims in Lebanon hold more positive views of both Rouhani and Assad, compared with Sunni Muslims. Rouhani supports Assad in the civil war in Syria, as does Hezbollah, the Lebanese Shia-run militant group labeled a terrorist organization by the U.S. A Pew Research Center survey in 2014 found that a large majority of Shia Muslims in Lebanon held a positive view of the group. Sunni Muslims
of teens who only use one site, 66% use Facebook, 13% use Google+, 13% use Instagram and 3% use Snapchat. This study uses a somewhat different method than Pew Research Center’s previous reports on teens. While both are probability-based, nationally representative samples of American teens, the current survey was administered
place Chicago Cubs. The story from Scripps, which reported the steepest year-to-year decline in revenues in the third quarter, illustrates what can happen
figures do not count those who live separately from their children.) Separately, the number of births to unauthorized immigrants has declined since 2009, according to other Pew
not benefit at all from advantages that black people do not have, 74% approve of Trump, with 60% approving strongly. Among those who say white people do not benefit too much from advantages
way to defeat terrorism around the world.” About as many (46%) say that “relying too much on military force to defeat terrorism creates hatred that leads to more terrorism.” In the Pew Research Center’s political typology survey, conducted Jan. 23-Mar. 16, 2014, 57% said an over-reliance on military force creates more hatred leading to increased terrorism, while fewer (37%) said that overwhelming military force is the best way
Today, 27% say they have a favorable opinion of her, 50% say they have an unfavorable opinion and 22% say they either have never heard of her (14%) or cannot rate her (8%). Partisan differences are stark, with three quarters of Republicans (77%), 51% of independents and 30% of Democrats expressing an unfavorable opinion of Pelosi. Just 12% say they have a favorable opinion of John Boehner, the House Republican leader, while 22% say they have
France, while many more in Britain and Sweden said immigration from the Middle East and North African and from Eastern European countries was a good thing than said
17% who say this happens regularly. Among blacks with a high school education or less, these shares are lower – 69% and 9%, respectively. When asked about specific situations
in recent years. But since 1994, the differences between parties on these measures has more than doubled, while the size of other gaps has been largely unchanged. The current survey, conducted Sept. 3-15 among 9,895 U.S. adults, is the first time Pew Research Center’s political values survey has been conducted on the online American Trends Panel; previous values surveys have been conducted by telephone. (For more, see “Trends are a cornerstone of public opinion research. How do we maintain them when there’s a shift in survey mode?”) Across multiple measures,
Minister Modi’s handling of relations with prominent players on the world stage. But, there are still some notable differences in opinion. About half of Indian adults hold a favorable view of the United States, down 21 percentage points since 2015.
are, what they do and the U.S. working environment in general. 1Over the past 35 years, the share of American workers who belong to labor unions has fallen by about half. Union membership peaked in 1954 at nearly 35% of all U.S. workers (excluding the self-employed), but in 2018 the unionization rate was just 10.5%. (The share of workers represented by unions is a bit higher, 11.7%, because about 1.6 million workers who aren’t union members
preferred over “Hispanic” or “Latino.” When asked which term they use most often to
sources devoting 15% of their coverage to the conflict. However, the public paid relatively little attention to the events in Lebanon; just 15% followed the story very closely and 2% said it was the story they followed most closely last week. The News Interest
to find the type of job they wanted after graduating. Slightly less than half of both groups (42% of private school graduates and 46%
play a feature role at the summit. Our polling has found that people around the world are conflicted about trade. Across 27 nations polled this year – many of them G20 member countries – a
the U.S. A majority of Republicans (56%) say there would be less crime if more Americans owned guns; by contrast, 51% of Democrats say there would
problems cited by suburban respondents, who are more concerned with education, crime, and growth and traffic. Younger people are more concerned about the drug problem at the local level than are their elders. Nearly one-in-four of those under age 30 cite drugs and alcohol as the most important problem in their area, compared to just 10% of those age 30 to 64, and 5% of those 65 and older. The drug problem at the community level is also most immediate for those with less education and lower incomes. One-fifth of respondents with less than a high school degree rate drugs
find a public that, like others in the region, holds overwhelmingly negative views about the United States and remains skeptical about the future of American foreign policy, regardless of who is elected in November. Obama’s travel itinerary will take him to three
(even as trade negotiations over the USMCA continue on). Countries on China’s periphery – including the Philippines, South Korea and Japan – also view current economic relations with the U.S. much more positively than relations with China. In some of the Middle East and North African countries surveyed, the opposite is true. For example, only 42% of Lebanese say current economic relations with the U.S. are good, compared with 82% who say the same of China. When it comes to
congressional Democrats will not do enough, rather than go too far, to oppose Trump. The latest survey by Pew Research Center, conducted Feb. 7-12 among 1,503 adults, shows how members of both parties are coming to grips with Washington’s changed political dynamics: In
30. One possible reason that older groups might be more supportive of mandatory vaccinations is that many among them remember when diseases like
as vandalism or theft. For example, 64% of anti-Jewish and 51% of anti-Catholic offenses in 2015 involved vandalism,
expressed a negative view. Meanwhile, ratings for both the NSF (45% favorable, 52% unfavorable)
This project has been undertaken in conjunction with the Project for Excellence in Journalism’s News Coverage Index, an ongoing content analysis of the news. The News Coverage Index catalogues the news from top news organizations across five major sectors of the media: newspapers, network television, cable television, radio and the
is in decline, falling from 51% in 2007 to 47% in 2014. The decline is most pronounced among people who identify with mainline Protestant denominations, such as the United Methodist Church and the Evangelical Lutheran Church
or their race or ethnicity. Smaller shares cited religion, sexual orientation, occupation or disability status as reasons. 4Social media is by far the most common venue for online harassment. When asked where their most recent incident with online harassment occurred, 58% of those who have been harassed online cited
below the all-time peak level reached in 1999 ($56,080). So the typical American household had 9% less income in 2012 than it did 13 years earlier (all
research suggests that the more people feel threatened by a minority group, the more likely they are to have negative attitudes toward that group. However,
significantly below that in the Philippines (69%), somewhat lower than in Australia (29%), but higher than in South Korea (17%). Japanese confidence in Trump is 54 points lower than that expressed in 2016 for his predecessor Barack Obama. By comparison, trust in the current U.S. chief executive is down 71
lack of basic goods is partially on account of the high inflation rate. Other serious issues also rank high among Venezuelans: Roughly seven-in-ten or more say that crime, public debt, health care, corrupt political leaders and poor quality schools are very big problems. In fact, worries about health care and poor quality schools have increased in just the past year (up 15 and
of ties with the U.S. Older Germans (79%) are more approving than younger ones (64%). Most notably, Merkel gets high marks from adherents of both her own right-of-center party, the Christian Democratic Union (CDU), and its ally the Christian Social Union (CSU) (89%), as well as from her ruling coalition left-of-center partner the Social Democratic Party (SPD) (77%). A majority of Germans (59%) also give Obama a thumbs-up for his dealing with Germany. Again, it is older Germans (67%) rather than younger ones (43%) who are bigger fans of Obama’s management of the relationship. Americans are divided over Obama’s handling of ties with Germany: 40% approve of the job he is doing, 36% disapprove. But nearly a quarter (23%) of Americans have no opinion about his stewardship of the relationship, a sign that Germany is not
one-third (34%) said the same about information from BP. News organizations received the most confidence from the public, with 64% saying they trusted at least some
in recent years. Currently, 44% of Democrats and Democratic leaners have a very unfavorable opinion of the GOP, based on yearly averages of Pew Research Center surveys; 45% of Republicans and Republican leaners view the Democratic Party very unfavorably. In 1994, fewer than 20% in both parties viewed the opposing party very unfavorably. Big house, small house. Our studies of
in the news than the other candidates, compared with 15% who cite Hillary Clinton and just 3% who say they have heard the most about John McCain. As recently as three weeks ago, Obama and Clinton were equally visible in the news. Roughly half of Americans (49%) saw videos of Reverend Wright’s sermons, and roughly the same number (51%) watched Barack Obama’s speech about race and politics last week. Television was the predominant source for video
public support. Sixty-four percent of Pakistanis have a favorable opinion of the Prime Minister, essentially unchanged from the 66% who expressed this view in a survey conducted weeks before his election victory last year. About a third (32%) give Sharif an unfavorable rating. Khan also receives more positive (53%) than negative (24%) reviews, although his ratings have slipped by 17 percentage points over the past two years. Meanwhile, the country’s military – always a key player in Pakistan’s politics – receives stunningly high ratings. Fully 87% say the military is having a good influence on
the fewest estimated openings in April was mining and logging, with just 22,000 job openings nationwide. Note: This is an
election, majorities of voters continue to say they feel “fearful” and “angry” about the state of the country. However, the share who say they feel angry has
Retail payrolls typically fall 5% to 6% between December and February, as retailers with disappointing holiday sales lay off
Democrats (74%) and Republicans (67%). A majority of Democrats at various income levels support government subsidies for broadband, but there are significant differences among Republicans based on income. For example, 42% of Republicans and Republican leaners with an annual household
the government is tracking all or most of what they do online or on their cellphone (60% vs. 43%). Similar gaps are present in views about offline activities: 47% of black adults think all or most of their offline activities are tracked by the government, compared with just 19% of white adults. In addition, black and Hispanic adults are more likely than white adults to say they are concerned to some degree about what law enforcement officials, employers and family and friends know about them. When it comes to identity-theft issues, black adults (20%) are roughly three times as likely as their Hispanic (7%) or white counterparts (6%) to say
but how important this issue is to American voters varies by their race and which presidential candidates they support. Though a 63% majority of registered voters overall name treatment of racial and
more than six-in-ten (62%) Latino homeowners say there have been foreclosures in their neighborhood over the past year, and 36% say they are worried that their own home may go into foreclosure. This
Few voters give climate scientists high marks for understanding the best ways to address climate change. About a third of Clinton supporters (32%) and just one-in-ten
attitudes and experiences, and the spectrum of their racial identity. Overall, America’s multiracial population is growing three times as fast as the population as a whole, and it is poised to triple by the middle of this century, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Yet just shy of 50 years ago, interracial marriage was illegal in more than a dozen Southern states. And it was not until 2000 that the Census Bureau began allowing people the option of selecting more than one race for themselves. We asked researcher Rich Morin, one of the authors of the report, about Pew Research’s interest in
about his relations with South Korea (62% support from more highly educated Japanese, 50% from the less educated). The Japanese public sees cybersecurity, ISIS and climate change as the biggest threats to their country. About seven-in-ten Japanese (71%) say cyberattacks from other countries are a major threat to Japan. Roughly the same share of the public (69%) believes the Islamic militant group in Iraq and Syria known as ISIS represents a major threat. And a similar number (68%) cite global climate change as a major problem. Notably, it is older Japanese (75% of those ages 50 and older), not younger ones (59% ages 18 to 34), who are the most worried about global warming. Despite widespread
they considered between 0 and 100 of their Facebook friends “actual friends.” The typical parent reports a median of 50 “actual” Facebook friends, while the typical non-parent counts 40 of their Facebook friends as “actual” friends. As noted above, parents report having a median of 150 Facebook
likely to name the UK (36%) as the most or second-most important foreign policy partner for the U.S. Only about one-in-ten (13%) name Germany, ranking it fifth on Americans’ list. In Germany, about four-in-ten (42%) name the U.S. as their country’s most or second-most important foreign policy
country, on par with some other countries. Across educational groups, roughly equal shares consider the U.S. a top-tier nation. But those with higher levels of education
have stable governments in the Middle East, even if there is less democracy in the region, while 30% say it is more important to have democratic governments, even if there is less stability. The percentage prioritizing democracy in the region has slipped over the past year and a half. In March 2011, in the early days of the Arab Spring, 37% said democracy in the region was more important than stability. There is little partisan difference on this question; both Republicans and Democrats place a higher priority on stability. Independents
receive Communion. And a similar share of Catholics think cohabiting couples should be permitted to receive the Eucharist. In addition, nearly half of American
Vietnam) have experienced at least one successful coup since World War II, according to the center’s data. Thailand has had the most coups, with
immigrant adults had been in the U.S. for a median time of nearly 13 years—meaning that half had been in the country at least that long. A decade earlier, in 2003, the median for adults was less than eight years. The new estimates are based mainly on data from the U.S. Census Bureau’s American Community Survey and Current Population Survey, using the widely accepted “residual methodology” employed by the center for many
have done this recently, compared with 24% of Latinos and 21% of whites) and are more than twice as likely as other groups to post their own comments online about a program they are watching (25% of black cell owners, 10% of Latinos and 8% of whites have
graduates are far more likely than those with high school diplomas or less to read books on tablets (25% vs. 7%), e-book readers (15% vs. 3%) or traditional computers (15% vs. 6%). But these differences are much less pronounced when it comes to reading books on cellphones. Some 17% of college graduates read books this way, compared with 11% of those with high school diplomas or less – just a 6-percentage point difference. Along with these
and Rhode Island came into effect in 2009 and 2014, respectively; New York’s law is scheduled to take effect in 2018, and the D.C. law in 2020. (Washington state passed
concentrate and process information, while a third (32%) say they would want such a device. The same is true when it comes to synthetic blood substitutes for improved physical abilities. Some 63% of adults say they would not want this, while 35% say they would
felt angry at the federal government (44%) mirrors the share of conservative Republicans who say that today (41%). Most Americans (61%) say they are following congressional talks to avoid a government shutdown very
a role in public opinion of the impact of mobile technology. Adults who support Modi’s BJP are more likely to say mobile phones have had a good influence on politics (49%) than those who support the Congress party (33%). Last September, the president
names online (30% vs. 23%) or to have received physical threats (12% vs. 8%). By contrast, women – and especially young women – receive sexualized forms
y Asociados (AKSA) indicated that 47% had a positive opinion of Chavez, down from 59% one year earlier and 64% in 2006. With the referendum less than a
speech to Congress to unveil his jobs plan as their top story, according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey, conducted Sept. 8-11 by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press among 1,010 adults. These two topics – the 9/11 anniversary and the economy’s
of the world also are divided. A median of 41% across the six Asia-Pacific countries surveyed say they have a favorable view of Russia, while a median of 40% say they do not. Only around a quarter in Japan (25%) and Australia (26%) see Russia favorably, contrasted
world’s displaced population. 6Europe was gripped by rising popular discontent with the European Union and concerns about refugees. While the United Kingdom’s vote to leave the EU – known as “Brexit” – was one of the most dramatic reflections of the mood in Europe, a spring survey found a median of just 51% across 10 EU countries had a favorable view of the
vs. 9%). 3Supporters and opponents see Clinton’s political views differently. About six-in-ten voters (58%) in our latest American Trends Panel survey say Clinton’s views are liberal on most or almost all
significant ideological divide on this question among Democrats. Three-quarters of liberal Democrats and Democratic leaners say the pre-emptive use of military force can rarely or never be justified. By contrast, conservative and
an African American is very important to the country; just 32% of whites express this view. Nearly four-in-ten whites (37%) believe it is not too important (17%) or not at all important (20%) – roughly three times the percentage of blacks (13% not too, not at all
than Democrats to have a lot of trust in the information they get from either national news organizations (12% vs. 35%) or local news organizations (23% vs. 37%). And they are less likely
bipartisanship in the coming year, fully 50% said they expected Republicans and Democrats to work together more while 39% said they expected increased partisan bickering. But by April 2009, the public was already gloomy about the state of partisan relations: just 25% said
black Muslims, including prominent American Muslim figures such as Muhammad Ali, Malcolm X and Imam W. Deen Mohammed, were members of the Nation of Islam before coming to associate with other
of whites, but only 56% of blacks agreed that the position of blacks in American society has improved in recent years. And while 63% of whites feel that blacks who can’t get ahead are mostly responsible for their own condition, only 43% of blacks agree, a gap that has stayed virtually constant over the last decade. The 2003 Values Survey series reveals a similar disparity on racially charged questions. For example, on the issue of affirmative action programs, 55% of blacks, but only 24% of whites, offered
out, higher than all other age groups (60% of those ages 30-49, 56% of those 50-64, and 54% of those 65+). Whites are more
in either group is about the same or only modestly different across party and ideological groups. Confidence in the news media, business leaders and elected officials is considerably lower; public views about school and religious leaders fall in the middle. People in both political parties express deep distrust of elected officials, in keeping with previous Pew Research Center studies showing near record low trust in government. Just 3% of Americans say they have a “great deal” of trust in elected officials to act in the best interests of the public; lower than any of the seven groups rated. Some 72% of Americans report not too much or no confidence in elected officials to act in the public interest. One spot of unity in an otherwise divided
economy (54%). Duterte’s detractors, however, tend to disapprove of his handling of crime (55%). In addition to approving of Duterte’s approach to the war on drugs, a majority (62%) believes the government is making progress in its campaign against illegal drugs, while 21% say that things are the same as they were in the past and 15% say the government is losing ground. While large majorities of both less-educated and more-educated Filipinos approve of Duterte’s handling of the illegal-drugs issue, these two groups differ on their views
is ahead in the presidential race. Sen. John Kerry holds a small but statistically significant lead in surveys by Gallup
for the People & the Press aimed at gauging the public’s interest in and reaction to major news events. This project has been undertaken in conjunction
be living apart from his children. Fathers who lack a four-year college degree are especially likely to be living
third of teens in the South (36%) and Midwest (35%) say they often or sometimes wear clothing or jewelry with religious symbols, as do 26% of teens in the
country or group that poses the greatest future threat to the U.S., China is one of the two most frequently named entities, with about a quarter of Americans citing the country as the greatest future threat (24%). This is a 5 percentage point increase from 2014, when 19% of Americans considered China to be the U.S.’s greatest future threat, and twice as many as said the same in 2007. Russia is the only other country named with similar frequency; another 24% of Americans consider it the country’s largest future threat this
drop among AAAS scientists in how they rate the state of science in general and their particular scientific field. Scientists also express concerns about the precarious state of research funding, some of the influences on how funding is allocated, and difficulties they
thing. But opinions vary widely across regions. In the U.S., Canada and Western Europe, half or more in almost all countries say they have no confidence in Xi, whereas confidence is much higher in all three sub-Saharan African countries surveyed and tends to be higher in several of the Middle East and North African countries surveyed. In the six Asia-Pacific countries surveyed, most have little confidence in Xi Jinping when it comes to world affairs. Just 29% have confidence in
calendar year also top the list, including hashtags related to Memorial Day (May), Martin Luther King Jr. Day (January) and Black History Month (February). Some themes, however, appear as top hashtag topics across multiple countries. Hashtags related to the March 8 celebration of International Women’s Day (such as #iwd2019 and #internationalwomensday) were universally popular across all five countries. The 75th anniversary of D-Day (#dday75) appeared in the top hashtags list of the three nations that sent troops to Normandy to fight on that day in June 1944 – Canada, the U.S. and
55% across the nations polled describe him this way. Attitudes toward the U.S. president and American foreign policy have a major impact on how people around the world view the United States, but other factors are important too. The nation’s culture, ideas and people – elements of what is sometimes referred to as “soft power” – also shape how people around the world see the country. In this poll, as in previous Pew Research Center surveys, some aspects of American soft power have stronger global appeal than others. The American people are core to how the U.S. is perceived around the globe. Overall, Americans are seen more positively than the U.S. as
states and the third-largest Latino electorate overall (3.1 million eligible voters), trailing only California (7.9 million) and Texas (5.6 million). The Latino share of Florida’s electorate rose by 9 percentage points between 2000 and 2018, from 11% of eligible voters to 20%. Nationally,
the Democratic convention was held at the end of July and the GOP convention spanned the end of August and the start of September. In July, 29% said they were following news about the presidential campaign very
had little impact on public opinion about the Affordable Care Act. In fact, the share disapproving of the law (55%) is as high as it ever has been in the four-year history of the law. Just 41% approve of the 2010 health care law. When
they would not get paid if the coronavirus caused them to miss work for two weeks or more, including about half (47%) who say it
This includes those who tell us they belong to specific denominations such as the African Methodist Episcopal Church or the Church of God in Christ. The category
2013, the most negative rating for China was 42% in 2008. As is generally the case for views about China on specific issues, there is a notable partisan gap on the overall
labor force. Jobless people who haven’t searched for work recently aren’t considered part of the labor force and aren’t included in the count of unemployed.) Here are four indicators drawn from Friday’s jobs
ownership. The balance of opinion among men favors gun rights over gun control (52% to 45%). By contrast, women give controlling gun ownership higher priority than protecting gun rights (55% vs. 42%) By nearly a two-to-one margin (63% to 32%), adults with post-graduate degrees say it is more important to control gun ownership than protect gun rights. A majority of college graduates (54%) prioritizes gun control,
elections made up 8% of coverage. Two-in-ten Americans say they followed news about the 2010 elections very closely. Just 2% say they followed these stories more closely than any other major news. About two-thirds of Americans (65%) say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy. That’s up six points from early December. About
by Iran. British Muslims, in contrast, are evenly split on the subject. And while the majority of Muslims in all four European countries surveyed say they have little or no confidence in Osama bin Laden, French Muslims are virtually unanimous (93%) in their disdain. (By comparison, 68% of British Muslims submit a vote of no confidence in the Al Qaeda leader.) Most striking, however, is the difference between the views
Center’s longstanding research into public attentiveness to major news stories, examines news interest as it relates to the news media’s coverage. The weekly survey is conducted in conjunction with The Project for Excellence in Journalism’s News Coverage Index, which monitors the news reported by major newspaper, television, radio and online news outlets on an ongoing basis. In the most recent week, data relating to news coverage were collected from August 24-30, 2009 and survey data measuring public interest in the
in the tweet or another statement altogether in the story. Overall, one-in-ten stories included a direct refutation. This
births from June 2009, when they began airing, through the end of 2010. It’s worth noting that birth rate figures only include live births. In 2013, the estimated teen pregnancy rate – which reflects
entering adulthood. But at the same time, all generations – younger and older alike – have become more likely to support same-sex marriage over the past decade, suggesting a period effect separate from age or cohort. Another example of how generational analysis can aid in understanding public opinion is the case of attitudes about marijuana. In recent years, there has been a fundamental shift in attitudes toward legalization of marijuana. When Gallup first asked about this issue in 1969, just 12% of the public favored legalizing the use of marijuana, while 84% were opposed. In March of this year, 53% said the use of marijuana should be made legal, while 44% disagreed. However, the shift in attitudes over time has not been linear — support for marijuana legalization rose throughout the 1970s, fell in the 1980s, before steadily growing over the last quarter century. The trend in opinion on legalizing marijuana highlights how overall societal mood or forces (period) can shift attitudes, as well as how
the direction of Princeton Survey Research Associates International. A combination of landline and cell phone random digit dial samples were used; both samples were provided by Survey Sampling International. Interviews were conducted in English. Respondents in the landline sample were selected by randomly asking for the youngest adult male or female who is now at home. Interviews in the cell
and older say this would be taking medical advances too far, compared with just 42% of those ages 18-29. 4Education is linked to views on a variety of science issues, including the safety of genetically
global median age, eight years less than in the U.S. in 2010, is projected to be only five years less by
respondents thinking the economy would improve next year. The Pew Research report observed that economic confidence looks good “only when compared with the dismal attitudes of the past five years.”
of the Greeks, 3% of the Italians, 4% of the Spanish and 9% of the French think economic conditions are good. Only the Germans (75%) are pleased with their economy. And the economic mood has worsened appreciably since before the euro crisis began. Positive sentiment is down 61 percentage points in Spain, 54 points in Britain, 22 points in Italy and 21 points in both the Czech Republic and France. But despair about the economy may have bottomed out in some nations since 2012. Sentiment seems to have stabilized in the Czech Republic and Poland. And the mood can’t get much worse
or gender identity. Among LGBT evangelical Protestants, for instance, 47% say they feel such
say they approve of the law, and about half (52%) say the government has a responsibility to ensure health care
medical care at the end stages of life. Public opinion polls show that Americans overwhelmingly support an individual’s right to decide whether he or she wants to be kept alive through medical treatment. In a 2005 Pew Research Center survey, 84% said they approved of laws which say medical treatment that is
island residents to the mainland. This report mainly analyzes the demographic and economic characteristics of Hispanics of Puerto Rican origin living in the 50 U.S. states and District of Columbia, including comparisons of those born on the mainland and island, as well as characteristics of Hispanics of Puerto Rican origin living in Puerto Rico. It compares these various groups with each other and with other U.S. Hispanics. In addition, the report examines characteristics of recent
the public interest. When some of these respondents were asked to elaborate on their low level of concern about the programs, they offered a range of comments that emphasized the perceived benefits for national security: “As I
67% of Democrats and Democratic leaners view Russia’s “power and influence” as a major threat to the U.S. Last April, just 37% of Democrats said “tensions with Russia” posed a major threat. Republicans’ views
the median earnings for those without a disability ($31,872), according to the Census Bureau. Both figures are for the civilian, non-institutionalized population ages 16 and older, measured in earnings over the past 12 months. 6Disabled Americans were politically engaged in
of households in 2006 to 36.6% in 2016. The current renting level exceeds the recent high of 36.2% set in 1986 and 1988 and
her main challengers in the October election, who remain less well known. Roughly half (51%) have a favorable opinion of Rousseff, who represents the Workers’ Party (PT), about double the share that say the same about Aécio Neves (27%), the candidate of the
older people, a smaller majority of Republicans (58%) say the same. The partisan gap is much wider in views of government help for younger people. Nearly seven-in-ten Democrats (69%) say the federal government does
Center survey of the group. When asked why this is the case in an open-ended follow-up question, the single most common response (27%) was that their Hispanic ancestry is too far back or their background is mixed. These findings emerge from two Pew Research Center national surveys that explored attitudes and experiences about Hispanic identity among two populations. The first survey, conducted Oct. 21-Nov. 30, 2015, in English and Spanish, explored the attitudes and experiences of a nationally representative sample of 1,500 self-identified Hispanic adults. The second is a first-of-its-kind national survey of 401 U.S. adults who indicated they had Hispanic, Latino, Spanish or Latin American ancestry or heritage (in the form of parents, grandparents or other relatives) but did not consider themselves Hispanic. It was offered in English and Spanish from Nov. 11, 2015-Feb. 7, 2016, but all respondents took the survey in English. Both surveys were conducted by SSRS for Pew Research Center.
parenting posts. While somewhat less common, a majority of parents agree that they try to respond to bad news as well. Mothers are more likely than fathers to engage their networks across a variety of these outreach and support examples: While
as the Republican Party. Among current House members of both parties, about three-in-ten are Catholic
president or vice president was in the running. That year, candidates turned to newer forms to break through the clutter. In that election cycle, twice as many Republican
dominates discourse on the platform more broadly: 80% of all tweets from American adults come from the top 10% of tweeters. 6While Twitter is mostly a public-facing platform, 13% of its adult users in the
68%) say their countries need more foreign aid. More than eight-in-ten hold this opinion in Senegal, Burkina Faso and Uganda. South Africa, which has the
Research Center data show that 9% of U.S. adults say they have used mobile dating apps, while the share of Americans who say they read an e-book using a cellphone within the past year increased from 5% in 2011 to 13% in 2016. 4The smartphone is becoming an important tool
here.) Among conservative Republicans, who make up a majority (63%) of all Republican and Republican-leaning voters, 66% say Cruz would make a good or great president, compared with just 8% who say he would be terrible or poor; 20% say he would be average. Among moderate and liberal voters, just 34% say Cruz would good or great in the White House. A greater share of conservative Republicans (61%) than moderate and liberal Republicans (47%) say Trump would be a good or great president; conversely, more moderate and liberal Republicans (29%)
(95%). 6Whether or not parents frequently discuss acceptable conduct with their teen varies by a number of demographic characteristics. For example, mothers are more likely
parties by more than 20 percentage points. As Americans have become more negative on China, they have also become more
but not by enough to alter the U.S. position in the world. When the Pew Internet Project asked dial-up users in 2004 whether broadband was available where they live, 15% said it was not available, a figure that stood at 27% for rural Americans. Those numbers might be lower in 2007, but there is a dearth
for many things, but texting is especially popular. In 22 of 24 countries, most cell phone owners send text messages. Mobile phones are also widely used for taking pictures or video – at least half of cell phone owners use their devices for this in 15 nations. While making or receiving payments is one of the least common cell phone activities, it is much more common in the region where mobile money is a phenomenon – Africa, and more specifically, Kenya and its neighbor Uganda. Nearly seven-in-ten
oppose same-sex marriage, compared with 70% who preferred Ted Cruz and just 37% who backed John Kasich. Democrats across the board are supportive of gay marriage (70% favor, 24% oppose), with slight differences by ideology and candidate preference. Liberal Democrats overwhelmingly support gay
55%-majority still worried that the violence would spread. Even more Turks (62%) fretted that the conflict would cross into their own country. The
among the English dominant is also evident among Latinos ages 20 to 25 and those ages 26 and older.7 Hispanic males ages 16 and older are more likely than their female counterparts to report using a cell phone. While 80% of males use a cell phone, just 72% of females do so. But among Hispanic teens ages 16 to 19, the reverse is true—females are more likely to use
source of government and political news, but there is a strong ideological split in who trusts the show: Almost half (45%) of consistent liberals say they trust The Daily Show, while less than
persons who indicate they are foreign born and who say they have a green card or have been approved for one. “Foreign born who are not legal residents and not U.S. citizens” refers to persons who indicate they are foreign born and who say they do not have a green card and have not been approved for one. Language dominance
unchanged since last year. Fifty-four percent of Americans have an unfavorable view of China, while just 38% hold a favorable opinion. In each Pew Research Center survey since 2013, roughly half or
blog post is very minor and does not materially change the analysis. For a summary of changes, see here. For updated demographic figures for the
are ill or disabled, unable to find a job, or enrolled in school. Overall, a growing share
six countries believe India’s role has grown over the past 10 years, with notable shares saying India’s stature has increased in advanced economies, including France (49%), Japan (48%), South Korea (48%), Sweden (47%) and the UK (46%). Fewer (a median of 22%) think India’s global role has diminished in the past decade. In particular, South Africans (37%) and Brazilians (32%) see India as a less important global power. The most common view across the nations surveyed (a median of 34%) is that India’s role is about the same as it was 10 years ago. In many European countries, people with higher levels of education and income are more likely to think India plays a larger role today than it did 10 years ago. For example, roughly six-in-ten in France (59%) and the
higher household incomes than Democrats, consistently take more positive views of their own finances than do independents or Democrats. These differences have remained fairly stable for more than a decade. Currently, 60% of Republicans rate their personal financial situation as good or excellent, compared with 45% of independents and 40% of Democrats. Majorities in all three groups feel their finances will improve over the next year; 70% of Republicans expect their personal finance to improve a lot or some over the next year, compared with 61% of independents and 59% of Democrats. In several areas, Americans are feeling less personal economic stress today than was the case five years ago. The percent saying they are very concerned about being unable to afford necessary health care when a family member gets sick has dropped from 60% to 50% since February 2001, and the proportion very worried about not having enough money for their retirement is also down from 55% to 46% over the same time period. Similarly, the share of Americans very concerned about losing a job or taking a cut in pay peaked at 41% in 2003, but stands at just 29% today. The drop in these concerns has occurred across the political and economic spectrum. While poorer
opinions tilt toward those of Romney supporters. While the views of swing voters generally fall between those of certain Obama and Romney backers, there are a handful of individual questions that show agreement between swing voters and the supporters of one candidate or the other. For example, on the power of labor unions and admiration of wealthy people, the opinions of swing voters are closer to those of Obama supporters. About half of swing voters (51%) agree that labor unions have too much power, placing them closer to the views of Obama supporters (39% agree) than Romney supporters (82%). Just 22% of swing voters, and an identical percentage of Obama supporters, say they “admire people who are rich.” A much higher percentage of Romney supporters (38%) agree. But swing
that the economic recovery is robust enough to clear the backlog in employment created by the Great Recession. A flat share signals a weak recovery that is struggling to clear the backlog and to restore employment to its potential as defined by the employment rate that prevailed prior to the recession. Although employment is on the rise in the economic recovery, it is growing at a rate
news about protests in Egypt and other Middle Eastern countries as the story they followed most closely last week. By contrast, more than three times that number (38%) followed news about the aftermath of the Jan. 8 Arizona shooting rampage most closely last week, according to the latest News Interest Index
and governments, while others argue an aging population isn’t as problematic as we would expect. An older demographic can create
the country to treat patients, those numbers drop to 31% of white and 32% of Hispanic Americans. There are somewhat more modest differences on several national topics. For example, 46% of black Americans said
vs. 15%). Over the last several years, the Catholic population in the U.S. has shifted somewhat from the Northeast and Midwest toward the South and West regions of the country. Catholics still are more
Veterans Affairs uses age to develop its mandated state projections on the need for hospitals, nursing homes, cemeteries, domiciliary services, and other benefits for veterans.” D’Vera Cohn, senior writer, Pew Social & Demographic Trends project March 22, 2010 Q. How do search engines like Google affect the way people get their news and what changes are they forcing the news industry to consider as it tries to find a model for profitability and sustainability online? As our studies have shown, the percentage of internet users who employ search engines has risen steadily over the last decade. Analysis of Nielsen Netratings data finds that lots of traffic to news sites is referred by search engines. The online news industry is in the middle of a huge debate about its relationship to search engines and aggregators. Should an organization allow Google to crawl and index their site or not? That’s a huge unsettled question in some segments of the industry. Several experiments now underway or soon to occur should provide answers as to whether search engines are revenue enhancers or revenue detractors from news sites. A second consideration is that the major search engines have for years provided email news alerts that alert people to new mentions of subjects that matter to them. My sense is that the “alert” process will become even more compelling and important as more and more people connect to the internet wirelessly. We already see that among “on the go” news consumers. You can find much more about the challenges to the news media spawned by the rise of the internet in the Pew Research Center’s Project for Excellence in Journalism’s “State of the News
and trial closely (60% vs. 62%), including similar shares who followed it very closely (24% vs. 26%). Older people are much more likely than younger people to say they followed it very closely, while white adults are slightly more likely than black and Hispanic adults
those in higher income families are more likely than those in lower income families to feel they are paying more than their fair share. About half (52%) of those with annual family incomes of $100,000 or more say they pay more than their fair share. By comparison, just 30% of those with family incomes of less
the UK (7%) round out the top five. (The survey was conducted before the UK left the European Union on Jan. 31, 2020.) In the U.S., political affiliation dictates who people think is the most important foreign policy partner. While both Republicans and Democrats agree that the UK is their most important partner, Republicans and Republican-leaning independents are keener on Israel as a partner (26%) than Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents (9%). Democrats also place more emphasis on Canada and Mexico for their top foreign policy affiliate. However, views of Germany are similar among partisans in the U.S., with both sides ranking
half of Republicans (53%) say they feel less favorably toward Obama because of his support for gay
the political instability will get worse in the next five years, 29% say the problem will stay the same and roughly a quarter (24%) believe the instability will get
might vote in November, more voters say they will definitely or probably vote for the Democratic candidate (48%) than will definitely or probably vote for Trump (38%), while 13% express no preference. Currently, Democrats are more definite about their general election preferences than are Republicans: 73% of Democratic and Democratic-leaning voters say they will definitely vote for the party’s nominee, while 59% of Republican and Republican-leaning voters say they will definitely vote for Trump. The survey was conducted before Trump’s Senate
of refugees it will accept at 70,000. Of the 57,350 refugees admitted so far this year, most have come from Burma (13,831), Iraq (10,898) or Somalia (7,642). Since 1975, according to data from the State Department’s Refugee Processing Center, more than 3
in Iraq. Overall, 45% of those 18-29 approve of U.S. airstrikes against militants in Iraq, while 36% disapprove. By comparison, those 65 and older approve of U.S.
tuition costs as major reasons why, but here, too, there are some partisan gaps. About three-quarters of Republicans (73%) say one major reason higher education is off track is that students are not getting the skills they need to succeed
and cultures. But Arabic presents unique challenges because it is read from right to left on the page (the opposite of English and many other languages), the letters are connected like cursive writing in English, and, because it uses a different alphabet, words such as names can’t always
a majority of parents with a young child say they are very (39%) or somewhat confident (45%) in knowing the appropriate amount of screen time for their child, they are also seeking out advice from others. Some 61% of parents of a child age 11 or younger say they have received advice or information about screen time from a doctor or other medical professional and 55% say the same about other parents, while 45% of parents of a child age 5 to 11 have turned to teachers for help. Parents overall are also
single largest group of unauthorized immigrants in the U.S. Between 2007 and 2017, this group decreased by 2 million. Meanwhile, there was a rise in the number from Central America and Asia. Not all lawful permanent residents choose to pursue U.S. citizenship. Those who wish to do so may apply after meeting certain requirements, including having lived in the U.S. for five years. In fiscal year 2019, about 800,000 immigrants applied for naturalization. The number of naturalization applications has climbed in recent years, though the annual totals remain below the
growth in Twitter usage among young adults. Those ages 18-24 are not just the fastest growing group when it comes to Twitter adoption over the last year—they also experienced the
more important to be able to keep things about themselves from being searchable online than to be able to discover potentially useful information about others. The survey also finds mixed public attitudes about whether specific kinds of information should be excluded from search
live. About half or more in the Philippines (54%) and Kenya (49%) agreed, though roughly a third in these countries said that increasing diversity makes no difference. (For comparison, 58% of Americans said these changes made the U.S. a better place to live when last asked in 2018.) In Venezuela, Vietnam and South Africa, there was no clear consensus on the impact of diversity. While 47% of Venezuelans said having more people of different backgrounds makes their country a better place to live, 42% said this makes little difference. A similar split exists in Vietnam (42% better, 38% no difference). But very few in either of these countries saw diversity making their country worse. In South Africa, there exists a three-way split, with about a third saying more diversity doesn’t make much of a difference to the quality of life in their country. Roughly four-in-ten black South Africans (38%) said that an increasing number of people of diverse backgrounds makes the nation a better place to live, higher than both white (31%) and coloured or multiracial (27%) South Africans. Mexico stands out as the only country where a majority said increasing the
when it comes to institutions and groups that have helped advance women’s rights. Seven-in-ten Americans say the feminist movement has done a great deal or a fair amount to advance women’s rights in the U.S., while 59% say the same about the Democratic Party. Far fewer (37%) say the Republican
with about half of U.S.-born Hispanics (48%). Immigrants and the U.S. born rate the other immigration policy goals in the survey similarly. Democrats outnumber Republicans by nearly two-to-one among Latinos: 59% identify with or lean toward the Democratic Party,
But among Democrats and Democratic leaners, the balance of opinion is the opposite: Only 8% believe the Trump administration is doing the right amount to protect the environment, while 78% say the administration is doing too little. When considering the broader question of whether it is possible to reduce environmental regulations while protecting the environment, there is a strong divide in public opinion. About half (49%) of the public says it is possible to cut back on environmental regulations and
views on this issue. For instance, a majority of Americans who say they attend religious services at least weekly – especially
view spending too much time online as a problem facing people their age, including 60% who say it is a major problem. When it comes to evaluating their own online habits, teens express mixed views about whether or not they themselves spend too much time on various screens. Roughly half (54%) believe they spend too much time on their cellphone, while 41% say they spend too much time on social media. By contrast, only around one-quarter (26%) believe they spend too much time playing video
the scarf ban were closely tied to overall attitudes toward Muslims, with those with negative views of Muslims far more inclined to embrace the ban than those with more positive views.
how people find and apply for work, a minority of Americans would find it difficult to engage in many digital job seeking behaviors – such as creating a professional resume, searching job listings online, or following up via email with potential employers. And while many of today’s job seekers are enlisting
who saw a decrease in diversity and thought it was good for society. This allowed us to gauge support for increasing or decreasing diversity, gender equality and a more important role for religion in their countries. Since large majorities in most countries told us
shares of white and Hispanic Biden voters say their vote is more against Trump (71% and 69% respectively), Black voters who support Biden are divided on whether their vote is more for Biden (52%) or against Trump (48%). The age differences in positive support for Biden are particularly stark among Black voters who support him. Among Black voters ages 50 and older, 68% say their vote is more for Biden; among those younger than 50, just 39% say the same. About half of Biden general election supporters who also said in January that he was their first choice in the Democratic primary say they consider their vote to be more of a vote for Biden, while roughly as many consider their vote to mainly be a vote against Trump (53% vs. 47%, respectively). Among those who said their first choice was either Bernie Sanders or another candidate, large majorities say their vote is more of a vote against Trump. Voters’ perceptions of Trump as president – and Biden as a possible president – differ substantially. And while voters generally hold positive feelings about their own preferred candidate, supporters of Donald Trump have more positive views of Trump’s presidency
plus or minus 2 percentage points. Details about the other surveys used in this report are available in the methodology. The terms “seniors”, “older Americans” and “older adults”
under the Affordable Care Act. However, comparisons to prior years are not possible because the
and is now at its lowest since the Center first asked the question about Abe in 2007. Not surprisingly, Abe’s strongest support (79%) comes from those who hold a favorable view of his party, the LDP. He also enjoys strong backing (69%) from followers of Komeito, a party with origins in a Buddhist sect
favorable opinions of Pope Francis have increased since the decline seen in September 2018. Note: Here are the questions used for this
U.S. adults overall to have heard about the influx of children from Central America. Some 94% of Hispanics said they had heard “a lot” or
Just 1% say the elections in Egypt were their top story last week. The elections made up 5% of coverage. These findings are based on the most recent installment of the weekly News Interest Index, an ongoing project of the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press. The index, building on the Center’s longstanding research into public attentiveness to major news stories, examines
people are rich and poor also vary by family income. Those with annual family incomes of $75,000 or more are more likely than those with incomes of less
is uncertain as rejection rates are high. Pew Research Center estimates for the United
and fallout from its surveillance programs. A median of 50% across 40 nations surveyed say they oppose the use of harsh interrogation methods, which were detailed in a widely publicized U.S.
conditions are very important for Tunisia’s future, up nine percentage points from last year’s substantial 87%. Law and order is a priority for most Tunisians – 81% believe that stability is crucial for Tunisia’s future. More than six-in-ten also think that the freedom to peacefully protest (68%), equal rights for women (66%), freedom to criticize the government (64%) and an uncensored media (63%) are critical for Tunisia’s future. Tunisians are less likely to express the view that allowing religious parties to participate in government is essential for the country. About half (48%) say that this is very important. Ennahda supporters are much more likely to believe this – 58% say that allowing religious parties is very important, compared with 43% of those who give Ennahda low marks.
a wide ideological gap regarding whether the U.S. succeeded in Iraq among Democrats. Only 18% of liberal Democrats say the U.S. mostly succeeded in achieving its goals,
or for some other reason. The Center’s 2019 survey found that sizable majorities of Nigerians expressed positive views toward China on a variety of economic issues: 83% said
28-March 2 and asked to answer a series of 12 multiple choice questions. The margin of error for the poll is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.A large majority of those interviewed (84%) correctly named Oprah Winfrey as
with at least 80% consistently saying that unions were needed to protect working people each time the question was asked. In 2009, 82% of African Americans said unions were necessary to protect working people, little changed from 83% a
are also found in six other countries. And in several nations, those with higher incomes are particularly likely to consider this a
the Democratic nomination. (For more on Clinton’s favorable ratings since 1992, see this interactive). The decline in Clinton’s favorability since August has come about equally among Democrats and Democratic leaners (from 86% then to 77% today) and Republicans and Republican leaners (from 27% to 17%). Bill Clinton’s favorable rating has fallen 10 points since 2012. Currently, 58% of the public views Bill Clinton favorably, down from 68% in September of that year. Clinton’s ratings
of urban whites are married, compared with 53% of suburban whites and 54% of rural whites. And among blacks, those living in suburban areas are somewhat more likely
are confident in Trump now. In Europe, Poland is a bit of an outlier, since its confidence in the U.S. president changed less dramatically across the three administrations. Polish respondents had a Bush-era high of 47% confidence and an Obama-era high of 64%,
always welcome. For example, even though many people say they personally like American popular culture, a global median of 54% worry that the influx of U.S. customs and ideas into their country is a bad thing. A U.S. export that not all publics embrace is American-style democracy. While publics around the world generally endorse broad democratic principles, they offer mixed views regarding American ideas about democracy: Globally, a median of 43% say they like these ideas, while 46% say they dislike them. As with several other aspects of U.S. soft power, U.S.-style democracy is particularly popular in the African and Asian nations surveyed. Respondents were asked whether, now that Trump is president,
rating. This is the same number of countries in which majorities rate the United States positively. China’s popularity has declined somewhat since last year in nine of 21 countries where trends are available, while increasing in only two countries and remaining basically stable in 10. American public opinion regarding China is roughly divided between those with a favorable (39%) and those with an unfavorable (42%) view. U.S. attitudes toward China have changed little since 2007, when 42% had a positive and 39% a negative opinion. Ratings for China are decidedly negative in three of the four Western European countries included in the survey. Fewer than one-in-three respondents in Germany, France or Spain express a positive opinion. Moreover, attitudes toward China have grown more negative in all three countries since last year. This is especially true in France,
(35%) — after that year’s “Super Tuesday” Democratic primaries. While Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama drew more coverage than the leading GOP candidates, the Republicans edged out the Democrats in overall coverage (44%-40%). In spite of the fact that Clinton and Obama received almost the same amount of campaign news coverage, Clinton
broadband, more non-adopters point to the functionality of their smartphones today than in the past. Some 23% of non-broadband users say the most important reason for them not having a broadband connection at home is because their smartphones let them do everything they need to do online – roughly doubling the share (12%) who said this in 2015. And while financial factors remain a frequently cited reason for non-adoption, fewer non-broadband users cite cost as the primary reason they
Democratic leaners said gun laws should be more strict than they are today, for instance, only about a quarter of Republicans and Republican leaners (24%) agreed. And while most Republicans (56%) said there would be less crime if more Americans owned guns, just 15% of Democrats shared that view. Large partisan gaps were evident across many of the issues the Center asked about in 2017, from Trump’s proposed border wall with Mexico to the threat posed by global climate change. One area that starkly divided the
empowering (76% vs. 64% of those with some college education or less) and inclusive (54% vs. 41%), but they’re also more likely to see it as polarizing (50% vs. 34%). There are large partisan gaps in views about
Web-only sample. In both samples, 96% of college graduates report having a license, but there is a 7-point gap between the Web and total samples among those with a high school diploma or less. Similarly, the relationship between race and employment status is quite different in the Web-only sample than the full sample. Blacks (65%) have a similar rate of employment as whites (61%) in the Web sample, but among the full sample the white employment rate is 8 points higher than among blacks (62% vs. 54%). One area of generally positive news for Web surveys is that estimates of political preferences and engagement are relatively unaffected by internet coverage bias, even among subgroups of the population with relatively lower levels of internet use. On a 10-item index of ideological consistency, there was almost no difference between the Web and total samples across age groups. Similarly, the pattern of reported voter registration by educational
differences by age and gender. For example, Americans younger than 50 are twice as likely as those ages 50 and older to say they play games on one of these devices
24%). Since the start of the year, roughly four-in-ten have followed news about the gun control debate
to name the drug war in Mexico as the story they followed most closely (7% vs. 2%, respectively). In terms of news coverage, 2% of reporting across the media sectors was devoted to the Mexican drug war, though it accounted for 5% of newspaper coverage. Only about one-in-ten (11%) paid very close attention to news that Tiger Woods returned to golf after recovering from knee surgery; 17% say
and allowing people to carry concealed weapons in more places. Large majorities of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents favor both of these proposals (69% arming school officials, 68% expanded concealed carry), compared with only about a quarter of Democrats and Democratic leaners (22% arming school officials, 26% expanded concealed carry). Opinions on these and other gun policy proposals have changed little in the year since Pew Research Center conducted a major study of
among 1,005 adults by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press. Those two stories also topped news coverage last week, with the economy accounting for
years. English proficiency also steadily increases among foreign-born Latino adults along with years lived in the U.S. Some 19% of immigrant Latino adults who have been in the U.S. for five years or less speak English proficiently. This share rises to 39% among those in the country more than 20 years. As of 2013, 73% of Hispanics spoke Spanish at home, a share little changed since 1980 (75%), but down from its peak of 78% in 2000. Nonetheless, the number of Hispanics
71% disapprove very strongly. And 83% of Republican and Republican leaners who agree with the Tea Party disapprove very strongly. By comparison, about half of Democrats (52%) very strongly approve of Obama’s action. Hispanics overwhelmingly support the deportation-relief
had been reliably Republican. For example, President George W. Bush won both the Hispanic vote and the state in 2004. But 2008 represented a tipping point: More Latinos were registered
it harder for them to get ahead in their career, according to our 2013 survey. Among working Millennial mothers (ages 18
were more reliable Democratic voters when they constituted the bulk of the senior vote. Silents increasingly call themselves conservative and they hold the most consistently conservative views about government, social issues and America’s place in the world. Unlike other generations that in recent years have become more supportive of smaller government, they have held conservative views about government for years. Today, an overwhelming majority of Silents are either angry or frustrated with government. They are the generation that is most strongly disapproving of Barack Obama, for whom a majority did not vote. Silents also are the most politically energized generation, as they demonstrated in the 2010 midterms. More often than the younger generations, Silents take the American exceptionalist view that the United States is the greatest nation in the
by Trump winning reelection, just 22% of moderate and liberal Republicans say the same. On topics ranging from immigration and foreign policy to aid to the poor and economic inequality, Democratic voters generally agree on broad principles. And in virtually every area, the differences among supporters of the Democratic candidates are far narrower than the differences between Republican and Democratic voters. Still there are sharp disagreements among Democrats on several policy goals – such as the importance of the U.S. maintaining
of the black public agreed in the 2003 survey that poor people have become too dependent on government assistance, only 5 percentage points fewer than the number of whites taking that view. That gap has been narrowing for some years, as fewer whites, but higher numbers of blacks, express concern about dependency. While African Americans are somewhat more inclined than whites to see a strong role for government in providing for the needs of citizens, a solid majority of blacks (62%) agree that the federal government should
done by their party’s leaders in Congress. The current survey finds that positive views of the GOP among Republicans have declined 18 percentage points since January, from 86% to 68%. Independents also view the Republican Party less favorably; 29% today, compared with 37% six months ago. Democrats, by contrast, continue to express highly positive opinions of their party: 86% view the party favorably, little changed from 84% in January. Independents’ views of the Democratic Party also are unchanged since January, at 38%. The advantage the Republican Party had
in the historically black Protestant tradition say their church has closed due to the outbreak (79%). Very few adherents of any Christian tradition say that people are still gathering in person at their houses of worship. This ranges from 1% of Catholics to 7%
in 2019 due to security concerns.) Views of the EU have become more negative in some countries over the same period. Brazil, Indonesia and Kenya have seen significant decreases in favorable views of the EU since 2013, but this appears to be the result of more people
African Americans say they followed news about developments in the Trayvon Martin case very closely, while 29% of whites say this. Those numbers are only slightly changed from one week earlier. Overall, 34% say they followed news about the controversy
election. As was the case then, partisan differences in these views are slight: Today, two-thirds (67%) of
19 percentage points more likely to say they expect their personal finances to improve over the next year (82% vs. 63%). Throughout much of Obama’s tenure, the expectations gap was the reverse. The survey finds that Americans’ views of factors affecting their personal financial pressures have changed somewhat in recent years. In particular, far fewer Americans (37%) say the price of gas affects their personal finances “a lot” than did so in 2013 or 2011, during periods of
past year, Iraq news ranks second only to news about high gasoline prices in terms of the year’s most closely followed stories. Just under a quarter of Americans (24%) closely followed the fistfight between players and fans at an NBA game and about the same number (22%) tracked reports on steroid use by some
after graduation, in 1994, 2001 and 2009. That study found that 31% of the 2009 group faced high monthly loan payments (defined as greater
analysis includes results from Pew Research Center’s spring 2019 Global Attitudes Survey, conducted among 7,778 adults in six Asia-Pacific nations from May 18 to Oct. 2, 2019. In Taiwan, people tend to have negative views when it comes to mainland China. Just 35% of adults give positive marks to mainland China, while about six-in-ten hold unfavorable views. Still, when it comes to financial ties, about half say they support closer economic relations with the mainland; 44% oppose
more are using social networking sites than not. In most of the countries surveyed, there has been only marginal change in social networking use since 2010. Two notable exceptions are Egypt and Russia – countries where the role of social media in recent political upheaval has been the subject of considerable attention. In both nations, usage has increased by ten percentage points over the past year, from 18% in 2010 to 28%
19 percentage points more likely to say their country should cooperate more with Germany than Germans are to say the same about the U.S. Nonetheless, the share of Germans who want more cooperation with the U.S. has increased by 9 points this year, bringing it closer to
government’s performance has increased since December 2017, shortly after Donald Trump’s election as president. And the differences have increased even more since 2015, when Barack Obama was president. On protecting the environment, for example, comparable shares of Republicans (62%) and Democrats (58%) said the government was doing a good job in 2015. In 2017, more than twice as many Republicans (71%) as Democrats (28%) gave the government positive ratings. Today, the gap is even wider (73% of Republicans, 18% of Democrats). Similarly, five years ago majorities of Democrats (82%) and Republicans (78%) said the federal government did a good job responding to natural disasters. The share of Democrats who express positive views of
service subscribers or to any telephone number. True VoIP requires the customer to have a broadband connection, such as cable modem or DSL. According to Gartner, Inc., a technology research firm, at the end of 2003 there were 150,000 U.S. VoIP subscribers. Gartner predicts this number would grow to 1 million by the end of
and a 55% majority believes the armed forces are having a good influence on the country. However, this level of support is down sharply from 72% in 2010 and an even higher 85% in 2007. Another long running theme in Turkish politics is the deep divisions between secular and religious camps in the overwhelmingly Muslim nation, and contemporary Turkish society continues to reflect this divide. For example, highly observant Turkish Muslims are much more likely to support Erdogan, believe the country is on the right track, and oppose last year’s protests. These are among the key
in Greece said PM Samaras was doing a good job in dealing with the
celebrate Mother’s Day this weekend, five of the six women vying for the Democratic presidential nomination are themselves mothers. These women, all seeking the same
in more detail below. More so than many of the services examined in this survey, ride-hailing apps appeal heavily to younger adults. The median age of adult ride-hailing users in the United States is 33, and 18- to 29-year-olds are seven times as likely to use these services as are those age 65 and older (28% vs. 4%). Ride-hailing use is also heavily concentrated among urban residents (especially younger urbanites and those with relatively high levels of income and educational attainment), while being consistently low among rural residents of all kinds.1 When presented with a number of attributes that might describe ride-hailing apps, users respond especially strongly to two in particular: 86%
on society as a whole has been more good than bad. On other questions, there are more pronounced differences between the attitudes of older and younger Americans – with older adults typically taking a more broadly pessimistic view of these firms and their overall impact. For instance, larger shares of older adults think major technology companies often fail to anticipate how their products and services will impact society, that these companies have too much power and influence in today’s society, and that they should be regulated more than they are currently. And
impact have improved more among foreign-born Hispanics than native-born Hispanics. According to the new survey, half (53%) of Hispanic immigrants say the impact of unauthorized immigration on the U.S. Hispanic community is positive, up 19 percentage points from 2010 when 34% said the same.
rights is more important, while by a 70%-to-26% margin Democrats prioritize gun control. Independents are more divided,
adults in the lower-income tier and an increase in the share in the upper-income tier, which together yielded a large gain in overall economic status. At the other extreme, the increase in the lower-income share in Spain was much greater than the increase in the upper-income share, for
online, and more likely to read a
press higher grades for its Smith coverage than for its reporting on the 2008 presidential campaign and on the mounting tensions between Iran and the U.S. Roughly half of those following each story give the press excellent or good ratings for its coverage. High press ratings for tabloid stories are not unusual. The press received similarly high marks
critical of their own party. The percentage of those holding a favorable view fell to 68%, the lowest share in more than two years. In May, just 37% of
Michelle Obama has increased dramatically in recent weeks — nearly half of the stories featuring her have appeared in the national news media since May 14. In
County had more Hispanics than any other U.S. county, with 4.9 million in 2019. The next largest Hispanic populations were in Harris County, Texas (2.1 million), and Miami-Dade County, Florida
Republicans and leaners), 82% approve of Trump’s job performance. But among the roughly one third of Democrats who give the economy the same rating, only 11% approve of Trump’s performance. Among the 15% of Republicans who rate conditions as only fair, a narrow majority (55%) approves of his job performance. Among Democrats who view the economy as only fair, just 4%
majorities of post-9/11 veterans, combat veterans and those who say they had emotionally traumatic experiences in the military. 3 More veterans say the military did a good job preparing them for life in the service than it did in readying them for the transition to civilian life. Veterans across eras offer similarly positive evaluations of the job the
news was mostly bad. By March, just 53% said they were hearing mixed news and 38% said they were hearing mostly bad news. In the new survey, 60% say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy while 33% say the news is mostly bad. The public’s views of news about the job situation and prices for food and consumer goods have moved in the opposite directions
care at veterans’ hospitals (24%) and violence in Iraq (24%) were the top stories for Democrats. Interest in the
41% of Kerry backers say the same about Bush. While issues predominate, Bush’s perceived leadership ability is clearly important to many on both sides. Roughly a third of both Bush and Kerry backers cite the president’s leadership as what they like most — or least — about him. Fewer cite leadership as either Kerry’s best or worst trait. The economy tops the list of issues voters most want to hear the presidential candidates talk about. In an open-ended format, nearly three-in-ten (29%) volunteer the economy as the issue they most want the candidates to discuss, while 20% cite Iraq, and 7% say the candidates need to discuss terrorism. Domestic issues such as the job situation (6%), health care (5%), education (4%) and gas prices (4%) round out the list of top voter concerns. The economy is of greater concern to Kerry supporters than to those who back Bush. More than a third of Kerry supporters (36%) cite the economy as the issue they most want discussed,
was at the end of the Bush years. Mexico and Canada: Ratings plunge among America’s closest neighbors America’s image has turned negative in the two nations with which it shares a border. Over the past decade, U.S. presidents have gotten mixed or negative reviews in Mexico, but at 5% Donald Trump registers the lowest confidence rating of any U.S. leader in Mexico since Pew Research Center began surveying there. This 5% rating is also the lowest among the 37 nations polled in 2017. The proposed wall between the U.S. and Mexico has been a high-profile position for Trump since he declared his candidacy for president, and more than nine-in-ten Mexicans oppose it.
young adults are less likely to vote than their older counterparts.) Given the historical context of relatively low voter turnout among young adults, Millennials seemed ascendant in the 2008
so (76% and 56%, respectively). Views among Republicans are much chillier: 43% give cold ratings to college professors, including about a
These views are deeply divided along partisan lines, with 77% of Republicans saying it is important to make it more difficult for asylum seekers to gain legal status and a comparable majority of Democrats (79%) saying it is important to make this process easier. The survey also finds: Broad public support for path to legal status for undocumented immigrants. Nearly three-quarters of Americans (72%) say undocumented immigrants should be allowed to stay in the U.S. legally
coronavirus pandemic. Fully 87% of adults say the internet has been at least important for them personally during the coronavirus outbreak, including 53% who describe it as essential. Relatively few Americans – 13% – think the internet has been not too or not at all important for them during the outbreak. Majorities across all demographic groups consider the internet at least important during this time, but there are some distinctions on whether they have found it be essential. Roughly two-thirds of adults under the age of 50 say the internet has been essential for them during the outbreak, compared with 49% of
George W. Bush. In 2011, Clinton was named most often as the best or second best president by 69% of Democrats, while 36% named Obama. A majority of Republicans and Republican-leaning
66% support a federal gun database and 54% support an assault weapons ban. Support for more teachers and school officials having guns in school has declined, from 40% in January to 34% in the current survey. More than six-in-ten (63%) oppose this proposal. There are wide partisan differences over each of these proposals, in contrast to support for background checks. Substantial majorities of Democrats favor a federal gun sale database (80%) and a ban on assault-style weapons (68%); among Republicans, 48% and 39%, respectively, favor these proposals.
the deaths in the United States attributed to the coronavirus have been in just 12 congressional districts – all located in New York City and represented by Democrats in Congress. Of
to vote in the five weeks remaining before the election. Voter registration typically increases in the second half of election years, especially among young people. In 2008, the share of young adults who said they were certain they were registered jumped six percentage points from the first half to the second half of the year. Yet even when
35%). And 52% of Americans want to cooperate less with Russia. About three-quarters of Americans (76%) want more cooperation with the UK, while about half of Germans (51%) say the same. 4 Americans have consistently been more eager to cooperate with Germany than the other way around.
has been the top source of the number of unauthorized immigrants since at least 1995, and today accounts for about half the total. Ranking second is El Salvador (675,000 in 2012), followed by Guatemala (525,000), India (450,000), Honduras (350,000), China (300,000) and the Philippines (200,000). But largely because of a marked decline in Mexican unauthorized immigrants since 2009, the shares of unauthorized immigrants from other
single health insurance system run by the government rather than through a mix of private companies and government programs (31% vs.
this is very important. Among adults ages 25 and older with a bachelor’s degree or higher, 40% say being well educated is very important for a woman to be a good wife or partner, compared with 30% of those with less education. When it comes to the importance of a man being well educated, 44% of those with a
of home broadband adoption, suggesting that some are forgoing high-speed internet service and depending on their phones instead. In a series of studies, Pew Research Center has investigated smartphone adoption patterns
Bowl. Among other upcoming events, just 24% say they are looking forward to the Academy Awards
33% of Hispanics as an extremely important life goal for them. Other top goals for Hispanics included having a successful marriage (30%) and being successful in a high-paying career
including larger shares in each party associating negative traits with members of the opposing party and rating the opposing partisans negatively. While there are only modest partisan
police and the black community. In a companion survey of more than 4,500 U.S. adults, 60% of the public called such incidents signs of broader problems between police and black people. But the views given by police
the lives of women, while independents (28%) ranked in the middle. 2In 2015, there were 104 women in Congress, a record number representing 19% of all Senate and House seats. There was no overall consensus among the public in
at the 95% confidence level. For a full description of the survey methodology, see Appendix B. In recent years, the debate over illegal immigration has often been posed as a choice between two competing priorities—increasing border security and enforcement or providing a path to
their country. Most refugees in Europe come from nations that are predominantly Muslim. 4One possible consequence of generally negative opinions of refugees is that Europeans do not see growing diversity as making their countries better.
tend to value the role of the state to ensure no one in society is in need. Nearly six-in-ten in the U.S. (58%)
Bank (60%). Overall, support for suicide bombing and related forms of violence has declined in the last decade across the Muslim publics surveyed. Since 2002, the percentage of Muslims who say suicide bombing is at least sometimes justified has dropped 41 percentage points in Lebanon, 31 points in Jordan and 30 points in Pakistan. In Nigeria, meanwhile, support has declined 26 points since 2010. Across most of the countries surveyed, gender, age, income and education are not closely associated with support for suicide bombing. However, there is a generational gap in Tunisia, with Muslims under 30 years of age more than twice as likely as those
Clear majorities disapprove of the way the president is dealing with all nine issues tested: corruption (86% disapprove), health care (85%), crime (85%), public transportation (76%), foreign policy (71%), education (71%), preparations for the World Cup (67%), poverty (65%) and the economy (63%).
also has been the region least favorably disposed toward organized labor: In 1987, according to Pew Research’s American
sources. Only 34% of online Americans, for example, have heard of The Economist, but there is far more trust (12%) than distrust (2%) when it comes to news about
to stick with their employers as their older counterparts in Generation X were when they were young adults, according to recently released government data.
years ago. Former President Asif Ali Zardari, who left office in September 2013 with a favorability rating of 14%, continues to be unpopular, though he has seen a boost to his favorability since stepping down. Roughly a quarter of Pakistanis (27%) now have a positive opinion of Zardari, although 69% still express a negative view. Ratings for General Raheel Sharif, former Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry and current President Mamnoon Hussain are more positive than negative, though many decline to offer an opinion. About four-in-ten (41%) have a favorable opinion of General Sharif, the current
to the Iraq progress report from Gen. David Petraeus contributed to the story’s prominence in the news. These findings are based on the most recent installment of the weekly News Interest Index, an ongoing project of the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press. The index, building on the Center’s
U.S. government rejected about 2,700 applications filed by Afghan citizens during the first nine months of fiscal 2017. (Approval rates are not available because decisions are not always made in the same year that an
Republicans said that colleges do well in preparing people for good jobs in today’s economy. In addition, most Republican college graduates – like their Democratic counterparts
and ethnically diverse. Between 2016 and 2045, the share of veterans who are non-Hispanic white is expected to drop from 77% to 64%. The share of veterans who are Hispanic is expected to nearly double
Pew Research Center survey on technology usage in India was conducted between December 7, 2013, and
groups saw the immigrant share of their populations decline from 2007 to 2018. People born in Puerto Rico are U.S. citizens at birth. A record 32 million Latinos are projected to be eligible to vote in 2020, up from 27.3 million
been a similar shift across party lines in support for ending the U.S. trade embargo against Cuba. Notably, some of the most
like themselves would lose influence. Somewhat more whites say people like themselves will gain influence under Obama than expressed that view in January 2001 regarding Bush (41% vs. 35%). Hispanics,
Over this period, the number of young people citing television as their main news source has dropped from 68% to 52%. Among those 30 to 49, the internet is on track to equal, or
groups studied and 2.5 times the rate among the overall U.S. population. More recent (2013) data from the American Community Survey provides more detail: 40.6% of Indian Americans 25
50 years, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of newly released county-level Census Bureau
would not and a quarter are undecided. (For more on NATO countries’ views toward Russia and using military force to defend a NATO ally, see NATO Publics Blame Russia for Ukrainian Crisis, but Reluctant to Provide Military Aid, released June 10, 2015). With refugees continuing to stream into Europe, Turks are insistent that fewer of them should be crossing their borders. Two-thirds say that Turkey should allow fewer refugees from Syria and Iraq into their country. Only 8% are willing to accept more refugees, while 13% would like to keep
anti-Wall Street protests as their top story than those 65 and older (11% vs. 3%). The protests were the top story for 8% of those between 30 and 64. Looking at the week’s other news, 13% say they very closely followed news about an Italian court reversing the murder conviction of Amanda Knox and her return to the United States;
interests. GOP leaners are divided: 49% say the system is generally fair, while nearly as many (46%) say it unfairly favors powerful interests. Large majorities of both Democrats (85%) and Democratic leaners (81%) say the U.S. economic system unfairly favors powerful interests. Most independents who do not lean toward a party share this view (70%). Majorities of independents say the U.S. needs to continue to make changes to give blacks equal rights with whites (57%) and that significant obstacles still make it harder for women to get ahead (54%). In addition, far more independents say immigrants do more to strengthen (66%) than burden (23%) the country. In views of racial equality and women’s progress,
257 in 2015. As in previous years, the largest number of all types of hate crime incidents against religious
of the Journal of Marriage and Family, suggests that kids’ academic and emotional well-being is not necessarily contingent
those who graduated from college believe their country should help other countries deal with their problems, compared with a narrow majority (52%) of those without a college degree. Political ideology is also a factor in Germany, France and Spain. In these three countries, those on the right are more likely than those on the left to take the isolationist view when it comes to international engagement. For example, while about half (48%) of left-wing French say their country should deal with its own problems and let other countries deal with theirs as best they can, about six-in-ten (59%) on the right offer this opinion. About half of Americans (49%) and Germans (47%) agree with the statement, “Our people are not perfect, but our culture is superior to others;” 44% in Spain share this view. In Britain and France, only about a third or
of Republicans (49%) favor the expanded use of nuclear power compared with 41% of independents and 31% of Democrats. There were comparable partisan differences in these views last October. Overall, about a quarter of Americans
it harder for men to know how to interact with someone they’re on a date with. About one-in-four adults (24%) say it hasn’t made much of a difference, while 9% say it has made things easier for men. Meanwhile, 43% of Americans say the attention paid to sexual harassment and assault has made it harder for women to know how to interact with someone they’re on a date with, compared with 38% who say it hasn’t made much of a
2017. (From 1940 through the late 1980s, the teen summer employment rate generally fluctuated between 46% and 58%.) The decline of teens in summer jobs reflects an overall decline in youth employment in recent decades, a trend that’s also been observed in other advanced economies. Another way of looking at youth employment, or the lack thereof, is by focusing on “NEETs” – that is, young people who are neither employed nor in education or training. In
generation (those ages 72 to 89), 49% oppose allowing gays and lesbians to marry, while 41% favor this. However, support for same-sex marriage has nearly doubled among members of the Silent generation since 2007, when just 24% said they were in favor. Support for allowing gays and lesbians to
large majority (74%) favors granting permanent legal status to immigrants brought to the U.S. illegally when they were children, but 60% oppose a proposal to “substantially expand the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico” –
of Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents believe the marches will increase public support for science, while only 22% of Republicans and those who lean Republican say the same. Instead, 60% of these Republican backers think the protests will make no difference, compared with just 32% of Democratic partisans who think that. Younger adults (ages 18 to 29) are particularly likely to think the
little popular support. Even before his death in 2011, confidence in al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden had plummeted among many Muslims. Today, al Qaeda is widely reviled, with a median of 57% across the 11 Muslims publics surveyed saying they have an unfavorable opinion of the terrorist organization that launched the twin attacks on New York City and Washington, DC more than a decade ago. The Taliban, who once shared Afghanistan as a base of operation with al Qaeda, are viewed negatively by a median of 51% of Muslims in the countries polled. Hezbollah and Hamas fare little better. Hezbollah, in particular, has seen its
of his job performance while 61% disapprove. In December, 53% approved and 39% disapproved. Obama’s current rating among independents is only slightly higher than Bush’s in November
optimistic about the lives of themselves and their families over the next 50 years than they are over the future of the country (63% vs. 54%). The annual policy priorities list has shifted over the years. For example, jobs have long been a public concern, but the percentage citing improving the
Texas are English proficient (88% and 85%, respectively). Lower shares of Asian (64%) and Hispanic (47%) immigrant voters are proficient. This is similar to the pattern nationally. By country of birth, Mexican immigrants alone account
say they want to remain in the EU, while just 36% voice the desire to go. 4Europeans’ antipathy toward Muslims and Jews is waning. In the wake of the Charlie Hebdo massacre in Paris perpetrated by radical Islamists and the simultaneous attack on a Jewish grocery store, Europeans generally view
Women disapprove by a much wider margin (60% to 34%). Adults 50 and older are divided in their views of Trump: 46% approve, 49% disapprove. Among those under 50, 32% approve, while nearly twice as many (60%) disapprove. There
of U.S. adults cohabiting with a partner is on the rise. In addition to the half of U.S. adults who were married, 7% were cohabiting in 2016. The number of Americans living with an unmarried partner reached about 18 million in 2016, up 29%
of origin. This results in varying patterns that relate to where people come from and how they choose to identify themselves on census surveys. For example, nearly all immigrants from Mexico (99%) called themselves Hispanic, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of the Census Bureau’s 2018 American Community Survey. By comparison, 92% of immigrants from Spain said so, as did 91% of immigrants from Argentina and 86% from Panama. What about Brazilians, Portuguese and Filipinos?
our survey say they believe in God, including nine-in-ten who are absolutely certain about this belief (89%). By comparison, 63% of all Americans say they are absolutely certain that God exists. Roughly eight-in-ten
learning about why gas prices are fluctuating nationally, while 30% want to hear about how rising gas prices are impacting the nation’s economy. Only about a quarter (24%) say they are mainly interested in knowing the price of gas in their area. Two-thirds of
also diverged over the same period. In April, there were only modest racial and ethnic differences in expectations: 79% of black adults, 75% of Hispanic adults and 71% of white adults said that the worst of the crisis was still to come. Views among black Americans are essentially unchanged two months later, while the proportion of Hispanic Americans saying the worst is still to come has decreased slightly to 70%. Meanwhile, the share of whites saying the worst is still to come has decreased from 71% to 53%. The gap between white and black adults on this question has grown from 8 points to 24 points. Additionally, individuals living in upper-income and middle-income households are now much more likely than those in lower-income households to say the worst of the pandemic is behind the country. About half of upper-income earners (51%) currently say that the worst is still to come, down from 69% in April. Similarly, the share of those in middle-income households who say the worst is still to come has decreased from 72% in April to 57%. Among those in lower-income households, the share saying the worst is still to come has declined much more modestly, from 77% to 70%. In April, there was broad bipartisan support for the $2 trillion federal coronavirus aid package. Today,
higher fertility rates and a relatively younger population in past decades. 10Africa is projected to overtake Asia in births by 2060. Half of babies born worldwide are expected to be born in Africa by 2100, up from three-in-ten today. Nigeria is expected to have 864 million births between 2020 and 2100, the
low (47%) science knowledge to say this would be appropriate. And a larger share of those with low religious commitment (68%) than medium (54%) or high (48%) religious commitment consider genetic engineering of animals to grow human organs or tissues for transplants to be appropriate. Emerging developments in animal biotechnology raise new social, ethical and policy issues for society, including the potential impact on animal welfare. The survey finds that the 52% of
for this report are six surveys conducted for the Pew Hispanic Center from April 2002 to October 2006. They included interviews with more than 14,000 native-born and foreign-born Latino
news media fare worst among those ages 18 to 29. Fewer than half of those adults (43%) say news organizations have done very or somewhat well in covering the George Floyd protests. The next lowest grade comes from those ages 30 to 49, at 56%. The public’s assessment of media coverage of the pandemic is
stepped up their campaign this week for stricter
done to address any climate impacts. There are also major divides in the way partisans interpret the current scientific discussion over climate, with the political left and right having vastly divergent perceptions of modern scientific consensus, differing levels of trust in the information they get from professional researchers, and different views as to whether it is the quest for knowledge or the quest for professional advancement that drives climate scientists in their work. At the same time, political differences are not the exclusive drivers of people’s views about climate issues. People’s level of concern about the issue also matters. The 36% of Americans who are more personally concerned about the issue of global climate change, whether they are Republican or Democrat, are much more likely to
required by law to apply for lawful permanent residence status after one year of U.S. residence (people granted asylum are eligible to apply a year after being granted asylum), so any restrictions on refugees would have an impact on green card applications relatively soon. Trump administration officials also have
When asked in an open-ended question to name the person they consider “the most important Hispanic leader in the country today,” 62% say they don’t know and
Democrats. A plurality of Democrats (48%) believe their party will do about the same as past elections while 14%
within the Asian race subgroup, with people claiming roots in China, Japan and the Philippines – nations from which immigrants arrived with the growth
to these sites to learn about the 2016 presidential election. Americans are using social media in the context of work (whether to take a mental break on the job or to seek out employment), while also engaging in an ongoing effort to navigate the complex privacy issues that these sites bring to the forefront. In addition to measuring the broad impact
or protest since the election, Democratic women – especially younger women and those with postgraduate degrees – are among the most likely to have participated in such a political gathering. The latest national survey by Pew Research Center, conducted June 27 to July 9 among 2,505 adults, finds that 52% of Americans say they are
Right after their re-elections, President Obama and George W. Bush both
relations. Putin gets his highest marks on managing relations with China (78% approval), a country with which Russian
the links below. (This analysis uses regional classifications from the UN, which differ from those used in other Pew Research Center reports.) The coronavirus spread quickly in Europe in March and April, leading to particularly high fatality counts in Spain and Italy. Europe has the oldest population of any region: It has the biggest share of people ages 60 and older, the smallest share of children under 15 and a
or no party, many fewer (12% and 15%, respectively) say Kan has performed well. Compared with the government, TEPCO is even more widely criticized for its response to the March 11 disaster, likely reflecting public frustrations with the company’s handling of the crisis at its Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant. Only about one-in-ten (11%) think TEPCO has done a good job handling the disaster, while 86% say the utility has done a poor job. Fully half of Japanese describe TEPCO’s response to the earthquake and tsunami as very poor. Overwhelmingly, the Japanese public believes the United States has
EU nations) and in Ukraine and Russia to gauge what ordinary people think about the crisis. Because of security conditions on the ground, the Ukraine survey includes all regions except Luhans’k, Donets’k and Crimea, or roughly 80% of
guns (48%). This mirrors the close divide in opinion that existed prior to Newtown. (See Pew Research Center’s 20 years of public opinion data on gun rights and gun control.) Among those who prioritize gun rights, 41% say they would not vote for a candidate with whom they disagreed on gun policy, even if they agreed with the candidate on most other issues. Fewer gun control supporters (31%) say gun policy is a make-or-break voting issue for them. And while nearly as many gun control supporters as
as part of anti-terrorism efforts, while 42% approve of the program. Democrats are divided on the program, while Republicans and independents are more likely to disapprove
recently that risk of terrorism would increase if voters “make the wrong choice.” That opinion remained steady through the polling period. Yet in several other areas, the Democratic contender has not recaptured the ground he lost in August.
likely than those with less education to support more use of nuclear power, but the gap has narrowed. About half of Republicans (49%) favor the expanded use of nuclear power compared with 41% of independents
Rico, nor on U.S. military bases out of the country. In addition, one disputed seat in the House – North Carolina’s 9th District – is not included in the total number of voting seats. If you know of
likely than Republicans or independents to view current economic conditions as excellent or good. In the current survey, 19% of Democrats rate the economy positively, compared with 7% of Republicans and the same percentage of independents. In August, just 8% of Democrats, and comparable shares of Republicans (5%) and independents (6%) said economic conditions were excellent
84% of undocumented immigrant workers held such jobs in 2017, including those in the service sector (2.3 million workers) and construction sector (1.3 million workers). By comparison, 62% of U.S. workers held these types of jobs. Much of the difference between these groups is due to undocumented immigrants’ jobs being more difficult to telework, even
by Douglas Coupland titled, Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated Culture. The bounds of the Millennial generation, sometimes characterized as the “echo boom,” are also informed by demographics. This generation is largely made up of the children of the Baby Boom generation. The name for this cohort refers to those born after 1980 – the first generation to come of age in the new millennium. As this generation was first entering adulthood, some used the term Gen Y to refer to them, and its boundaries were slightly different. This is another example of how the names and spans of generations can change over time. The Silent generation describes adults born from 1928 through 1945. Children of the Great Depression and World War II, their “Silent” label refers to their image as conformist and civic-minded. Time Magazine coined the term in a 1951 article describing the emerging generation of the time. The Silent label is not widely recognized by the public: fewer say they have heard of
and “intelligent” (67%). However, just over two-thirds (68%) say the term “selfish” also applies to the typical American very or fairly
healthy or their concern about GM foods. A sizable minority of U.S. adults (37%) say that hosts should always ask guests ahead of time about food restrictions, however. This view is more common among those with deep concern about the issue of GM foods (49% say hosts should always do this compared with 32% among those with little concern about the GM foods issue.) Fully 54% of Americans say that compared with 20 years ago, people in the U.S. pay more attention to eating healthy foods today. Smaller shares say people pay less attention (26%) or about the same amount of attention (19%) to eating healthy today. Most Americans consider their future health within their grasp – if only they eat and exercise adequately. Roughly seven-in-ten adults say that healthy eating habits (72%) and getting enough physical exercise (71%) are very important for improving a person’s chances of living a long and healthy life. Yet people’s behavior does not appear to match that ideal. A
opposed. In 1996, Democrats favored capital punishment by a wide margin (71% to 25%). There has been much less change in opinions among Republicans: 77% favor the death penalty, down from 87% in 1996. The share of independents who favor the death penalty has fallen 22 points over this period, from 79%
least half of the couple’s total earnings, up from just 13% in 1980. But men earn more than women in 69% of married or cohabiting couples. Despite the increase in women’s financial contributions, roughly seven-in-ten adults (71%) say it is very important for a man to be able to support a family financially
point in his presidency (50%). Clinton finished his presidency with an approval rating of 61%, while Reagan rallied in his final year to
online dating is not completely foreign to those in their 50s or early 60s: 19% of adults ages 50 to 64 say they have used a dating site or app. Beyond age, there also are striking differences by sexual orientation.3 LGB adults are about twice as likely as straight adults to say they have used a dating site or app (55% vs. 28%).4 And in a pattern consistent with previous Pew Research Center surveys, college graduates and those with some college experience are more likely than those with a high school education or less to say they’ve ever online dated. There are only modest differences between men and women in their use of dating sites or apps, while white, black or Hispanic
each type of connection technology has gained users. About 21 million broadband users connected by cable modem in March 2003, up from 13 million a year earlier; DSL users grew in numbers from 7 million to 9 million during that time. With the market share for wireless or fixed satellite high-speed access doubling from 2002 to 2003, the number of subscribers grew from a bit under half
it provides about the right amount, while 6% say it does not provide enough help. Partisan differences in opinions about the federal government’s help for the middle class are not as pronounced. Seven-in-ten Democrats
Italian economy (68% and 62%, respectively). But the rest of the Italian public isn’t so sure: 42% say EU membership has been bad for Italy’s economy, while 50% say it
two years earlier. 4Countries in the Middle East continue to have low favorability ratings for the U.S. Just 15% in Jordan and 18% in Turkey have at least a somewhat favorable view of the U.S. in 2017. While U.S. favorability in Jordan has
having a driver’s license. In other words, on all these measures, the relatively lower response telephone survey provided a measure of the phenomenon nearly identical to that of the high response rate government survey used as a benchmark. Researchers are, of course, interested in the extent to which nonresponse bias is getting worse over time. Comparing current levels to those measured roughly four years ago, we find that, on average, the accuracy of telephone survey data is at least as high as it was in 2012. On 13 demographic, lifestyle and health questions11that have high response rate benchmark survey data, the average (absolute) difference between the Center telephone estimates and the benchmark survey estimates was 2.7 percentage points in 2016, compared with 2.8 points in 2012. In general, accuracy as measured by these benchmarks was lower among certain demographic groups such as young adults and minorities. But there is no indication that the biases within groups got worse over time. Most major subgroups – defined by age, gender, race or education – saw the accuracy of their estimates from phone surveys either stay level or slightly improve. For example, across the 13 lifestyle, health and demographic questions with high response rate comparisons, the average difference between the Hispanic adult estimate from Pew Research Center phone surveys and the same Hispanic estimate
for Disease Control and Prevention among the eight federal agencies we asked about. (Seven-in-ten had a favorable view of the CDC.) This was in line with similar favorable ratings for
Union no longer in existence, Americans believed Japan’s rising economic power posed the greatest threat. While Americans see China as a rising global power, relatively few characterize the U.S.-China relationship as adversarial. Only 22% describe China as an adversary, 43% say it is a serious problem, but not an adversary, and 27% believe China is not much of a problem. The view
negative than they were in 2015 and little changed from one year ago. As a result, there is now a 13-point gap in the share of Republicans (46%) and Democrats (33%) who view the impact of banks and financial institutions positively; in 2015, there were no partisan differences in these views. Among Democrats, those with lower levels of education are less likely to view the impact of unions positively. Only about half of Democrats (53%) with no more than a high school diploma say labor unions have a positive effect
the median age of immigrants is 39 years, while it’s 12 years among the U.S. born. Marital status. Salvadorans ages 18 and older are married at an equal rate to Hispanics overall (46% of each) but are less likely to be married than the U.S. population overall (50%). Among Salvadorans ages
as it should, since the candidates themselves are the defining figureheads of those partisan labels. Thus there is no timely, independent measure of the partisan balance that polls could use for a baseline adjustment. These shifts in party identification are essential to understanding the dynamics of American politics. In the months after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, polls registered a substantial increase in the share of Americans calling themselves Republican. We saw similar shifts in the balance of party
compares with about two-in-ten fathers in this type of household who say they are the person who usually prepares the meals (19%) or
U.S. President Barack Obama, who is scheduled to visit India and other Asian countries in November, is widely popular: 73% express confidence that Obama will do the right thing in world affairs. Indians express confident views about their country’s role in the international arena. Almost four-in-ten
than it is in Europe. Europeans, whatever their political leanings, tend to see indebtedness the same way. The left-right divide in concern is five percentage points in Germany, four in France, and three in Britain. It is 20 points in the United States, with only 59% of liberals ranking debt as a major threat to the economy compared with 79% of conservatives. While there is a clear and broad consensus in the U.S. about the importance of dealing with debt and deficit, that is where the clarity and consensus stops – undermined by
official in the past year, compared with 9% of those who want stricter
having been raised in another religion (or no religion). This means that there are 6.5 former Catholics in the U.S. for every convert to the faith. No other religious group analyzed in the 2014
(66%) say they followed the health care debate more closely than any other major news story last week. Another 5% say they followed news about vandalism and threats directed at Democrats who voted for the legislation most closely, according to the latest News Interest Index survey conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press among 1,018 adults March 26-29. The news media and the public were on the same page
least four-in-ten in Turkey, Lebanon, Tunisia and Israel say that Egypt’s prominence in the region has waned. Overall, the Middle Eastern and North African nations surveyed have a very poor opinion of Iran and generally rate Saudi Arabia and Turkey more positively. Majorities in both Tunisia and Jordan espouse positive views of Turkey. Lebanese are split based on their religious views, with more than half of Sunnis and Christians but only 8% of Shias holding a favorable opinion. Similarly, Israeli Jews and Arabs strongly disagree on Turkey; 72% of Israeli Arabs
increases – General Motors now intends to sell Chinese-made Buick SUVs in the U.S. in 2016,
the end of 2004. Today, Facebook (“the” was dropped in 2005) has more than 1.2
24% correctly identified the length of a U.S. Senator’s term. nonvoters were almost as knowledgeable as drop-off voters and consistent voters about day-to-day government issues regarding drivers’ and occupational licenses (77%). Voters who participated in the 2016 and 2012 presidential elections who also voted in the 2014 midterm – consistent voters – were older on average than voters who cast ballots in the two presidential contests but skipped the 2014 midterm. (This analysis is based on those 22 and older, who were old enough to vote in 2012). A sizable majority (65%) of consistent voters were 50 and older –
with their age and more to do with factors like religion and familiarity with Muslims. For example,
from those who tweet about nonpolitical topics and from those who rarely tweet at all. It’s also the case that there are meaningful differences within the group of users who tweet about national politics. The most prolific political tweeters (defined as those who tweeted at least 10 times and mentioned national politics in at least 25% of those tweets) stand out even from other political tweeters (whose political tweets make up a smaller share of their total output). Prolific political tweeters make up just 6% of all Twitter users but generate 20% of all tweets and 73% of tweets mentioning national politics. Compared with
fluctuated over time. Last April, more said recovery was a long way off (54%) than do so today (44%). In February 2011, 24% said the economy was recovering, 33% said it would recover soon and 42% said a recovery was in the distant future. Partisanship is a major factor in views of the economic recovery. About
Philippines have a positive view of the U.S., down from 92% who expressed positive sentiment in 2015. And despite Filipinos being the most pro-Trump nation in Pew Research Center’s spring 37-country survey, confidence in Trump now is lower than trust in then-President Barack Obama was in 2015. Currently, 69% have confidence in Trump to do the right thing in world affairs, compared with 94% who expressed such confidence in Obama in 2015. Despite these drops, people in the Philippines still support the U.S. military presence in the
right always (3%) or most of the time (16%). No more than about 30% have expressed trust in the government in Washington to do the right thing at any point over the last decade. This marks the longest period of low trust in government since the question was first asked in 1958. Trust in government has typically been higher among those associated with the party in control of the White House than among those who support the opposing party. This
story accounted for 3% of news coverage, according PEJ. Nearly a quarter of public (23%) followed this story very closely and 6% say it is the story they followed most closely. About one-in-five followed news about the new UN sanctions on Iran (19%) very closely, and 2% name this as their
4.1 million births). In addition, the Great Recession encouraged many young adults to ride out the difficult job market by
important (31%) or more important (21%) than it was a decade before. Republicans have become much more likely to say the U.S. plays a more important role as a world leader today than in the past. Overall, 45% say the United States’ global role is more important today than it was a decade ago; in 2016, just 15% of Republicans said this. This shift has been accompanied by a sharp decline in the share of Republicans who think the
they speak English well, are highly educated or have high incomes. Also, people who are homeowners or are married to U.S. citizens are far more likely to be naturalized than those who rent or are married to noncitizens. This
heard at least a little last week about the graphic warning labels for cigarette packages proposed by the Food and Drug Administration as another means to discourage smoking. Close to two-in-ten (17%) say they heard a lot about this and 38% heard a little; 44% say they heard nothing at all. Similar numbers heard at least a little about the
messaging, as it increases the likelihood that the content shared by that member appears in a user’s Facebook feed. Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina, who chaired the high-profile Select
to what being Catholic means to them. But fewer (41%) say it is a sin to buy luxury goods without contributing to the poor. And fewer still express concerns
does not. Public opinion about whether the U.S. has a responsibility to accept Syrian refugees has not changed since February, though the share saying the
principal former communist adversaries. While the Chinese – along with the citizens of India, another Asian giant with a vigorously expanding economy – look to the next five years with a strong sense of optimism, Russians are far less hopeful about their personal lives, and unhappy with the country’s direction. A May 2005 poll of
62% in 2016, but similar to mobile, this growth was driven by substantial increases among older Americans. For the first time in Pew Research Center surveys, more than half (55%) of Americans ages 50 and older report getting news on social media sites, a 10-percentage-point jump from 2016. Three of the social media sites measured
Democrats offer similar views on this question, regardless of survey mode. Roughly eight-in-ten say people are rich because they have had more advantages in life, though that is the highest share offering this response since the question was
about politeness, it did query respondents about the prevalence of the opposing
percentage favors an unnamed Republican. Independent voters also are divided (36% Obama vs. 36% Republican candidate). That is little changed from August when 38% favored Obama’s reelection and
they were a decade ago. About one-third (36%) of U.S. Muslims say that all or most of their friends are Muslim, down from 47% who said that in 2007. Many report positive interactions
36.5%. If history is a guide, this cohort of voters will increase its voter participation levels as it grows older. 6. Non-whites were 26.3% of all voters in the 2012 election, a record
intended to reduce the civil court backlog even as it has prosecuted more immigration cases criminally. The recent increase in criminal prosecutions for immigration offenses has been driven by one particular kind of offense: illegal entry, or entering the country unlawfully –
the 2009 survey, just 16% expressed a favorable view of China, down from 40% in 2005. Frustration with stagnated negotiations to admit Turkey into the European Union is
population is similar to those of neighboring countries. Muslims represent a small minority in Australia, where less than 3% of the population is Muslim, and Papua
view scientists as friendly toward religion. Political and religious differences are somewhat less stark, but still apparent, in views of how friendly the media and scientists are toward religion. Pluralities of independents and Democrats say the media and scientists are neutral
holds a clear advantage in voter engagement in this fall’s midterm elections, according to a new national survey by the Pew Research Center. Yet GOP voters are not as enthused and engaged as they were at this
each of these age groups, however, newsroom workers are still less diverse than workers overall. 9Newsroom employees with a college degree earn less than other college-educated workers. Newsroom employees are more than twice as likely as other U.S. workers to be college graduates. Nearly eight-in-ten newsroom employees (79%) have a college degree, while about four-in-ten U.S. workers overall (37%) graduated from
devices have become a primary driver of teen internet use: Fully 91% of teens go online from mobile devices at least occasionally. Among these “mobile teens,” 94% go online daily or more often. By comparison, teens who don’t access the internet via mobile devices tend to go online less frequently.
in some cases there are no divides between partisan groups or only modest ones. The public is fairly united in believing that renewable energy sources are effective in minimizing air pollution: Americans are less confident about whether other energy sources are effective in minimizing air pollution: 28% say nuclear power is “very effective,” though more, at 55%, consider nuclear power at least “somewhat effective” in minimizing air pollution. Some 72% of adults believe natural gas is “very” (30%) or “somewhat
savings account, minus outstanding debt, such as a mortgage or student loan. In 1989, the richest 5% of families had 114 times as much wealth as families in the second quintile (one tier above the lowest), at
69% say that description does not apply. A somewhat larger share (36%) says Trump is trustworthy; a majority (61%) says Trump is not trustworthy. By contrast, most Americans say Trump stands up for his beliefs (70%). They are divided in evaluations of his effectiveness and leadership; 49% say he is able to get things done, while an identical share says that Trump is a strong leader. The survey – which, again, was largely completed before Barr’s report on the Mueller investigation – finds that 64% of Americans say that Trump definitely (33%) or probably
in both partisan coalitions hold this opinion. Americans have little confidence in Chinese President Xi Jinping, but Republicans are especially critical. Overall, around three-quarters of Americans (77%) have little or
levels of social hostilities involving religion in the world. Even India’s current prime minister, Narendra Modi, has been dogged by allegations of religious intolerance,
critical of the Bush administration’s response to the disaster. In September 2005, 63% of Republicans gave the federal government an excellent or good rating compared with only 22% of Democrats. At that time, fully 40% of Democrats said the federal government was doing a poor job responding to the Hurricane.
were driven largely by the public’s response to national security concerns. In the end, however, a spike in unemployment contributed to Bush’s leaving office with one of the lowest approval scores of the modern era. When Bush was inaugurated in January 2001, unemployment stood at 4.2%. The rate rose markedly following the Sept. 11 attacks, peaking at
Pew surveys showing higher levels of political enthusiasm and satisfaction with the presidential candidates among Democrats than among Republicans. Women are personally more optimistic about the year ahead than are men. More than half
In a September 2008 Pew Research Center survey, the unweighted cellphone sample underrepresented older adults – 9% were ages 65 and older, compared with an ACS benchmark of 19% – and overrepresented young adults, as 31% were ages 18 to 29, compared with an ACS benchmark of 21%. At the same time, the landline sample was underrepresenting young adults (9%) while overrepresenting older adults (25%). The story is quite different today, as cellphones are no longer the exclusive domain of the young. In a September 2015 survey, the unweighted age distribution of the cellphone sample was almost identical to ACS population benchmarks, including for those ages 65 and older (16% in the cellphone sample versus 19% in ACS). Just as the improvement in cellphone samples has been rapid and dramatic, so has the deterioration of landline samples. From 2008 to 2015, the proportion of adults interviewed on landlines who are ages 50 or older has ballooned from 58% to 76%. There are also stark difference between samples types on race and ethnicity. The important point here
team sport or racing and simulation games are all somewhat less commonly played, with about half of video game players or fewer saying they
views are especially common among supporters of right-wing populist parties. (For more on how populist parties are classified, see Appendix.) For example, 62% of Germans with a positive opinion of Alternative for Germany (AfD) express an unfavorable opinion of the EU, compared with just 29% of those who rate AfD negatively. In Spain, supporters of the left-wing populist party Podemos are also particularly likely to give the EU a negative rating. However, those with positive views of left-wing populist parties in France (La France Insoumise) and Greece (Syriza) are more likely to have a favorable opinion of the EU. Europeans have experienced a variety of economic challenges in recent years, and the financial anxiety felt by many is clearly reflected in the survey’s findings. A remarkable number of Europeans believe the financial situation for average people in their country has not improved over the past two decades. In Greece, Italy and Spain – three southern European nations hit hard by the financial crisis – large majorities say average people are worse off than
infrequently and tend to happen across it. Among active science news consumers, nearly all (97%) say curiosity about what’s happening in science is a reason they follow such news, with 77% saying it’s a major
29% stay home, an increase since 1999, when 23% did so. But in a closer examination of the numbers, Hispanic women
of these values very important to maintaining a strong democracy. And these educational gaps are found within both parties: For instance, while 74% of Republicans with a college degree say it is very important to
voted in the 2014 midterm – consistent voters – were older on average than voters who cast ballots in the two presidential contests but skipped the 2014 midterm. (This analysis is based on those 22 and older, who were old enough to vote in 2012). A sizable majority (65%) of consistent voters were 50 and older – and 29% were 65 and older. Among less consistent voters, 45% were 50 and older, with only 14% 65 and older. This is consistent with post-election analyses of the 2014 midterm, including a study by the U.S. Census, which found that voters 65
these services often argue that they can help promote racial equity in transportation – for instance, they
past 10 years. When it comes to homosexuality, however, there has been a major shift in U.S. Muslims’ views, as there has been among
also vary across party lines, with Republicans and Republican-leaning independents – especially those who describe their political views as conservative – more likely than Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents to say men shouldn’t be able to take time off
ZIP code with the Department of Homeland Security. The data, though publicly available online, were handed over to DHS less than three years after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. It’s too soon
is a very big problem, and 54% say the same about health care. Roughly four-in-ten or fewer are troubled by people leaving for jobs in other countries (38%), traffic (33%) and electricity shortages (31%). Concern about poor quality schools is widespread in Mexico (52%), but anxiety over the school system has dropped 11 percentage points in the last 12 months (from 63% in 2013). These fears seem to have peaked with the arrest of Elba Esther Gordillo, the influential head of the Mexican teachers’ union (SNTE) in February 2013, just months before Peña Nieto signed sweeping education reforms into law in September. Concern
is foreign born, with a record 4 million black immigrants in 2015. Immigrants now make up 9% of the country’s black population, roughly triple the share in 1980. While black immigrants come from many places
very poor, which increased the importance of the media exposure. – Biotechnologist, woman, age 54 Scientists’ reflections often touched on multiple themes; some emphasized their curiosity about the world and others emphasized the role of people in their lives who fostered
say there should be tighter restrictions on people coming into their country — up seven points from 2002, and again, the highest percentage among Western countries. Italian attitudes are overwhelmingly negative toward immigrants from the Middle East and North Africa, as well as immigrants from Eastern Europe. Two-thirds say immigration
about the primary cause of global warming have remained stable in recent years. Nearly six-in-ten Democrats (58%) and half of independents (50%) say global warming is mostly caused by human activity; only about quarter of Republicans (27%) express this view. There also are age differences in opinions about the cause of
four say they plan to cut back on their Facebook usage in 2013: Young adults are the most likely forecasters of decreased engagement. Some 38% of Facebook users ages 18-29 expect to spend less time
its most famous and controversial covers. Splashed in bold red print across a black background was a short, simple and yet intensely provocative question: “Is God Dead?”
began to slow in 2008 due in part to the Great Recession. As a result, national Hispanic population growth today is
than liberals (34%) to describe their day as good. Why would we ask such a conversational question as part of
the world’s leading economic power, a median of 39% point to the U.S., while 34% name China. 12Democrats are far more likely than Republicans to favor making it easy for every citizen to vote. More than eight-in-ten Democrats and Democratic leaners (84%) say everything possible should be done to make it easy for everyone to vote, compared with a smaller share of Republicans and Republican leaners (48%). A majority of Republicans and GOP-leaning independents (57%) say changing rules
compared with 13% of unauthorized immigrants), as well as from Europe and Canada (16% compared with 5%) and the Caribbean (12% vs. 4%). Lawful immigrants are markedly less likely than unauthorized immigrants to be from Mexico (20% vs.
fitness tracker, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted June 3-17, 2019. As is true with many other forms of digital technology,
to K-12 schools (66% vs. 54%), and this holds true for colleges and universities (58% vs. 44%). But Republicans and Republican leaners
problem of drug abuse – both nationally and locally. In fact, a large majority says that drug abuse across the country is either a crisis (32%) or a serious problem (55%). Half regard the
41% supporting him and 45% expressing no opinion. The Middle East is the most negative toward Francis, with a quarter viewing him unfavorably. However, an equal number (25%) give a positive rating and a plurality (41%) do
other countries, restrictions on the hijab, or headscarf, continued. For example, in Kenya, a high court ruled that banning “Muslim attire” in government schools
that has increased sharply in recent years. By comparison, in 2017, 41% said China was a major threat to the U.S. And as the economic fallout from the COVID-19 crisis becomes clearer, Americans increasingly see the condition of the global economy as a threat. Since 2017, concerns about the state of the world economy have risen 18 percentage points, from 37% saying it was a major threat in 2017 to 55% who say so
their region negatively. A median of roughly one-third have positive opinions of Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and Saudi King Salman. Views of Jordanian King Abdullah II are similarly low. And very few view Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu favorably, while a median of 12% have a positive view of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad or Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan is the exception to the generally negative views, but opinion of him is still mixed. With respect to the ongoing conflict in Syria, publics are divided on how
survey conducted between June 10 and Aug. 3, 2020. Here’s a closer look at findings from the survey, as well as public health and economic data about how the EU has been faring during the pandemic.
divisions within the GOP. Younger (ages 18-49) and moderate and liberal Republicans are less likely than older (ages 50 and older) and conservatives to view China in adversarial terms. By a nearly three-to-one margin (41% to 14%), younger Republicans are more likely than older Republicans to say that China does not pose a problem to the U.S. About a third of moderates and liberals (35%) also say this, compared with fewer conservatives (22%). Age differences among Democrats are more modest. Younger Democrats are somewhat more likely to say China does not pose a problem to the United States (39%) than older Dems (27%). There are no ideological differences in
jobs and social benefits, 48% complain they want to be distinct from the local society, and 36% say they are to blame for crime. People on the right of the political spectrum are generally more critical of immigration. Views of minorities vary widely, both between countries and about specific minority populations. Roma are viewed unfavorably by a median of 50% of those surveyed, with Italians (85%) holding particularly negative sentiments. A median of 46% hold anti-Muslim views. Again it is Italians (63%) who see Muslims
peers would love to emulate. In July, it finished first among all broadcast networks in TV’s highly-sought-after
president starts his term, close to two-thirds of Americans (64%) say press coverage has been fair, about the same percentage that found coverage of Obama fair in the first days of 2009 (61%) . In early January, 23% said press coverage of Obama had not been critical enough, slightly more than now
peacefully. Palestinians are more likely to say armed struggle is the best way for their people to achieve statehood (45%) than they are to say negotiations or nonviolent resistance offer the best prospect for the creation of a Palestinian state (15% each). Another 22% volunteer that a combination of these three approaches would be most effective. When asked whether Arab countries are doing too much, too little or enough to help the Palestinian people achieve statehood, three-quarters in the Palestinian territories say they are doing too little; 16% say other Arab nations are doing enough and 5% believe they are doing too much to help Palestinians achieve statehood. In the other Arab countries surveyed, only in Tunisia and Egypt do majorities or pluralities say their country could be doing more to help the Palestinians. More than six-in-ten (64%) Tunisians say
banks and financial institutions have paid back of the billions of dollars provided by the federal government to help them survive the financial crisis, most Americans (57%) say those businesses have paid back “only some” of the money. Fewer than two-in-ten (17%) say the banks have paid back most of the money, while 13% say they have
funding for it would be unacceptable. Among Republicans and Republican leaners, a smaller majority (63%) both favor the wall expansion and say not funding it would be an unacceptable way to resolve the shutdown. Within the Democratic coalition, there is no difference on these views between those who identify as Democrats and independents who “lean” to the party. By contrast, those who identify as Republicans are more likely to favor
to close dine-in service in favor of delivery or takeout options during the coronavirus outbreak. In the Center’s survey conducted earlier this month, about a third of adults (32%) say they have ordered food online or
two major aspects of the economy – the job situation and real estate values – than did so in May. Nearly two-thirds (64%) say they are hearing mostly bad news about jobs, up from 52% in May. In a week that featured several high-profile economic stories – including a weak June employment report, negative housing numbers, a rough stretch for stock markets and talk of a “double dip” recession – public interest in economic news increased. Just under half (48%) say they followed reports about the condition of the
surveys that asked the question a different way: whether Republicans had a favorable or unfavorable
the U.S., compared with about half or more of other age groups. Instead, young adults are the most likely to call the
divided in their views: just 40% of Republicans approve of the re-establishment of relations with Cuba, while 48% disapprove. There is
of the entire population. (The Scotch-Irish were mainly Ulster Protestants who migrated to the British colonies in the decades before
Hispanics and Muslims–in 55 U.S. news outlets, including 13 newspapers, 15 cable
higher family incomes are more likely than those with lower incomes to say the economic recovery is underway. About four-in-ten (41%) of those with incomes of $100,000 or more say the economy is recovering as do 34%
use the site – from how often they tweet to the accounts they follow or mention in their own posts. Most U.S. adults on Twitter post only rarely. But a small share of highly active users, most of whom are Democrats, produce the vast majority of tweets. The Center’s analysis finds that just 10% of users produced 92% of all tweets from U.S. adults since last November, and that 69% of these highly prolific users identify as Democrats or Democratic-leaning independents. A
institutions since 2007, but within a few countries there have been dramatic swings in opinion. For instance, in Turkey, where President Erdogan has made weakening the influence of the military on civilian government a top priority, support for the armed forces has sharply declined in the last seven years. In the Middle East, a median of just 40% say that religious leaders are having a good influence on their country, and there has been a sharp loss of confidence in religious leaders among Jordanians, Turks, Egyptians and Palestinians since 2007, and among Tunisians in the last two years. But in Argentina, there is a double-digit gain
public has about China – many also name cyberattacks, China’s impact on the environment and Beijing’s human rights policies as major problems. In general, Republicans hold more negative attitudes toward China and express stronger worries about economic challenges in the U.S.-China
Amman last year; 29% of Jordanians view suicide attacks as often or sometimes justified, down from 57% in May 2005. Confidence in Osama bin Laden also has fallen in most Muslim countries in recent years. This is especially the case in Jordan, where just 24% express at least some confidence in bin Laden now, compared with 60% a year ago. A sizable number of Pakistanis (38%) continue to
And the partisan divide that shapes most questions regarding Iraq is less stark here: large majorities of Republicans (86%), independents (67%), and Democrats (66%) feel things will ultimately be better for the Iraq people than they were under Saddam. Bush Approval: Down on Iraq, Up on Economy While George W. Bush’s job approval rating overall has held relatively steady in recent months, the public has become significantly more critical of his handling of Iraq. Currently, just 23% approve of how Bush is handling the situation in Iraq, down from 32% in August, and 36% a year ago in
language today. However, within both parties there are educational differences over the use of language. Among Republicans, 28% of those with no more than a high
issues, trust-related issues are not near the top of the “very big” problems Americans see. But people often link distrust to the major problems that worry them. About four-in-ten adults (41%) think the public’s level of confidence in the federal government is a “very big problem,” putting it more than halfway down the list of other problems that were asked about. Confidence in government is roughly on
if these groups were to conduct another terrorist attack against India, most would support military action against them in Pakistan. Overall, Indians take a dim view of their neighbor and longtime rival: 81% express a negative opinion of Pakistan. Concern that the Pakistani state will be
38% of all news coverage. For the public, however, the rising price of gas, which emerged as a prominent issue in the campaign, was the top news story. More than six-in-ten (63%) say they followed news about gas prices very closely and 30% cited it as the story they followed most closely last week. The public also closely tracked news about the national economy: 43%
in Europe, sentiments have improved in several nations over the past few years. Ratings for the German economy are significantly better today than they were in the midst of the global financial crisis in 2009 (28% good). British and Polish views are much more positive than three years ago, and even though
based on the U.S. Census regions and divisions, with two exceptions. MD, DE and DC are grouped in the Mid-Atlantic with NY, NJ and PA, instead of in the South Atlantic. The Census divisions of East South Central and
change is that in 2013, a record 363,000 (83%) of deportations were carried out without appearing before a judge – either through an order issued by
unanimously. There have been several points in Israel’s modern history when waves of immigrants arrived from particular countries or regions. For example, the first wave – largely from Russia and Romania
and, therefore, blacks who have attended college might have a greater awareness of these issues. Other research suggests that college itself could be an isolating time for some
share of Democrats who say this is up 13 points from November 2009, during Obama’s first year. Democratic views fluctuated during the Bush administration. At the outset of the Iraq War in
since 2012, feelings that Russia is as respected as it should be have doubled. About half of Russians (51%) say their country should intervene in neighboring countries if there are threats to ethnic Russians there. People who express confidence in Putin are more likely to support such interventions (55%) than are those who have little or no confidence in the president (36%).
50 and older in remarriages is double the rate of those who have only been married once (16 vs. eight per 1,000 married persons, respectively). Among all adults 50 and older who divorced
debate was also the most reported story of the week, making up 18% of the newshole, according to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center’s Project for Excellence in Journalism (PEJ). More than two-in-ten (22%) say they followed news about the earthquake in Chile most closely, while that story accounted for 10% of the newshole. Americans who say they followed the health care debate very closely last week are evenly divided about the legislation’s prospects: 45%
fall 1980, 17% of black students enrolled in degree-granting institutions were enrolled at an HBCU. By 2000, that share had declined to 13%, and it stood
its network. The new ruling will impact the way the recording industry and other copyright owners pursue Internet users suspected of copyright infringement, forcing them to file lawsuits against anonymous “John Doe” defendants and acquire subpoenas from a judge in order to learn the names and addresses of file
themselves open about being LGBT “helps a lot” in making U.S. society more accepting of the
and Elena Kagan to the court. Democratic ratings remained relatively high through 2010, but have fallen steeply since. The weak ratings for
there is a good chance they would vote for her (86% say there is at least some chance they would). By contrast, no Republican stands out among the party’s crowded field: Of 10 possible GOP contenders asked about in the current survey, no candidate garners solid support from more than a quarter of Republican and Republican-leaning registered voters. Though Jeb Bush is widely known by Republican voters, just 23% say there is a good chance they would vote for him, while 41% say there is some chance; 25% say there is no chance they would vote for the former Florida governor. Mike Huckabee has similar levels of both recognition and support among Republican voters. By comparison, Marco Rubio, Scott Walker, Ted Cruz, Rand Paul and Ben Carson are all less well known, yet about as many GOP voters say there is a good chance they would vote for
are more likely to divorce than those who marry at older ages. There also is some early evidence that couples who married in the 1970s may be especially at risk of divorce. According to data from the 2004 SIPP,
or mushrooms after a spring shower, vice presidential candidates seem to pop up suddenly in the political chatter once a party settles on a presidential nominee. We wondered what sort of people have gotten picked for the
that having U.S. military personnel based in the Philippines is good for their country. In recent years, the Philippines and China have feuded over territory in the South China Sea, including tense naval standoffs and an international court ruling in favor of the Philippines. Fully 82% of Filipinos say that territorial disputes between the two countries are a big problem. However, Presidents Xi and Duterte have made efforts to improve bilateral relations, and this appears to be paying dividends for China. Two-thirds of Filipinos (67%) now say
had been approved by school officials, and instead recited the Lord’s Prayer at the public school’s graduation ceremony. According to CNN,
favor school-based vaccine requirements. Some 82% of U.S. adults said MMR vaccination should be a requirement “in order to attend public schools because of the potential risk for others when children are not
supporters (9%) as opponents (11%) say that in the last six months they have contacted a public official to express their opinion on gun policy. Yet the overall trend on whether it is more important to control gun ownership or protect gun rights has edged back in the direction of gun rights. And when it comes to the importance of gun policy as a voting issue, gun rights supporters have the advantage. In the days after the school shooting in Newtown, Conn. last December, more prioritized gun
slightly smaller majority of men (67%) say the same. And while roughly nine-in-ten blacks (91%) and 84% of Hispanics have a favorable impression of the first lady, whites (64%) are less likely to say this. Similarly, 80% of those with a college degree or more education give her a positive rating, compared with 68% of those who have some college experience of less education. The partisan gap in views of Michelle Obama is stark. Wide majorities of Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents rate Michelle Obama favorably (93%), including comparable shares of liberal Democrats (95%) and conservative and moderate Democrats (92%). By contrast, Republicans and Republican leaners are divided in their opinions: 44% of Republicans think of her favorably, while 46% have an unfavorable opinion. Views of the first lady are particularly negative among
many are satisfied with their economic situation. Majorities in China have consistently rated their personal economic situation positively. In 2008, 66% of Chinese said their personal finances were good. In 2015, 72% hold this view. Roughly three-quarters of Chinese (77%) believe their family is better off today than they
in any religion. By comparison, among White teens the balance tilts decidedly toward the idea that many religions may be true (47%), as opposed to the idea that just one religion is
overall worries about terrorism have spiked. Just over a fifth (23%)
in conjunction with The Project for Excellence in Journalism’s News Coverage Index, which monitors the news reported by major newspaper, television, radio and online news outlets on an ongoing basis. In the most recent week, data relating to news coverage were collected from February 16-22, 2009 and survey data measuring public interest in the top news stories of the week were collected
new mothers from Vietnam, the Philippines and China are particularly likely to be older mothers. The new foreign-born mother’s likelihood of being married also varies significantly: Two-thirds
residents have in-person conversations with their neighbors about as often as those in other community types. Roughly half of rural residents (47%) say they have face-to-face conversations
Trump took office (the refugee application process typically takes between 18 and 24 months to complete). Overall refugee admissions to the U.S. in fiscal 2017 (which ends Sept. 30) are on pace
that says they are hearing mostly good news remains small and did not change (4%). Before President Obama took office, Democrats and Republicans had similar takes on the mix of economic news, but since February, Democrats have been more upbeat in their assessments. That continues in the latest survey. Almost two-thirds of Democrats (65%) say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news, compared with 55% of Republicans and 57% of
of those ages 50 and older view China as a serious problem (49%) or as an adversary (19%). A smaller share of those ages 18 to 49 (51%) think of China as a serious problem (39%) or as an adversary (13%); 44% of younger adults consider China not much of a problem. Among Republicans and Republican leaners, 68% say China is a serious problem (46%) or an adversary (22%). A smaller majority of Democrats and Democratic leaners see China
this election cycle, the issue of immigration has been an important issue for Hispanics. In the national exit poll, voters were asked about what should happen to unauthorized immigrants working in the U.S. According
from one election to the next. The share of registered voters who cast a ballot was higher in 2008 than four years ago, for example. Turnout also varies by demographic factors, including race and ethnicity, age and gender. The turnout rate among Black Americans, for instance, exceeded the rate among White Americans for the first time
positively. Majorities in both Tunisia and Jordan espouse positive views of Turkey. Lebanese are split based on their religious views, with more than half of Sunnis and Christians but only 8% of Shias holding a favorable opinion. Similarly, Israeli Jews and Arabs strongly disagree on Turkey; 72% of Israeli Arabs but only 7% of Israeli Jews think well of Turkey. Many view Saudi Arabia negatively, but Jordan – which has deepened its ties to Saudi Arabia in recent years – has a very positive opinion of the neighboring kingdom. More than
a significant 12-13 point transatlantic divide on whether to take military action if the E3+3 talks fail to end the Iranian weapons program. Roughly two-in-five or more of the British, French and Germans could live with a nuclear-armed Iran. Within the E3+3 countries there are significant political differences on resorting to force. In the United States, among those who oppose Iran acquiring nuclear weapons, Republicans (79%) are more supportive of turning to military force if necessary than are Democrats (61%) or independents (58%). In France there is also a left-right split. Only 43% of the French
non-gun owners to say they have done so. Among gun owners, 28% say
amnesty for illegal immigrants already in the country if they pass background checks and meet other conditions. The way in which the issue is characterized has a significant effect on Republican views. While 62% of Republicans favor “providing a way for illegal immigrants currently in the country to gain legal citizenship,” support declines sharply when the concept of amnesty is raised. However, even when the policy is described as “providing amnesty” for illegal immigrants, about as many Republicans favor (47%) as oppose (48%) the idea. The latest national survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press, conducted May 30-June 3 among 1,503 adults, finds a growing majority of Americans saying increased employer sanctions, as opposed to more border fences and patrols, can best reduce illegal immigration from Mexico. A
2018. Other platforms are visited somewhat less frequently. Some 51% of YouTube users say they visit the site daily – a slight increase from the 45% who said this in 2018.
many new, better-paying jobs for humans. In a May 2017 Pew Research Center survey, around four-in-ten U.S. adults said an automated future would make the economy more efficient, let people focus on the most fulfilling aspects of
growth in the past decade. For example, from 2000 to 2010, births accounted for just 38% of the growth of the Cuban-American population and just 39% of
Kenya pledged to remove Somalis living in refugee camps from within its borders, potentially sending hundreds of thousands of people back to Somalia who have not lived there
they would definitely or probably want this. The public is closely divided over gene-editing to significantly reduce their baby’s risk of serious diseases and illnesses: Roughly half (50%) say they would definitely or probably not want this for their own baby and about the same
it the second-most-observed of Islam’s Five Pillars, behind only the shahada, the affirmation of belief in God and the
adopted or even considered some of the more commonly available tools that can be used to make online communications and activities more private: These figures may in fact understate the lack of awareness among Americans because noteworthy numbers of respondents answered “not applicable to me” on these questions even though virtually all of them are internet and cell phone users.
since 1990. The British economy also expanded due to reforms instituted in the 1980s, according to analysts. Germany, the largest economy in Western Europe and a global powerhouse, struggled from 1991 to 2010. The growth in Germany’s per capita gross domestic product in the 1990s was the lowest among the countries examined in this report9 Analysts point to the role of German reunification as a factor behind the lackluster economic performance in the 1990s. Although Germany fared better than several other Western economies from 2000 to 2010, it too felt the impact of the Great Recession and overall growth remained slow. Lingering differences across
The News Coverage Index catalogues the news from top news organizations across five major sectors of the media: newspapers, network television, cable television, radio and the internet. Each week (from Sunday through Friday) PEJ will compile this data to identify the top stories for the week. The News Interest Index survey will collect data from
than women (26%) see some chance of voting for Clinton. Only about 10% in each group sees no chance of voting for her. Support for Clinton is greater among liberal Democratic voters (66% of whom say there is a good chance they would vote for her) than among conservative and moderate Democratic voters (53% say this). Still, large majorities of both groups (91% of liberal Democratic voters and 83% of conservative and moderate Democratic voters) say there is at least some chance they would cast a ballot for her. Joe Biden garners about equal levels of support from both liberals and moderates in the party, while Elizabeth Warren has greater support among the party’s liberals. Nearly a third (32%) of liberal Democratic and Democratic leaning voters say there is a good chance they’d vote for her, while just 14% of conservative and moderate Democratic voters say this. To
months, financial assistance from federal agencies stops and refugees are expected to become financially self-sufficient. In a short period of time, most refugee households have employed members. U.S. refugees are granted permanent residency within a year of arrival and can apply for U.S. citizenship five years later. Worldwide, the U.S. has formally resettled more refugees than any other country, according to UNHCR. Refugee arrivals do not include asylum seekers already living in the U.S. or those appearing at the U.S. border claiming asylum, such as the thousands of unaccompanied minors from Central America who have entered the U.S. in recent years. Compared with those seeking refuge on
number of newly married adults increased by 113,000 (from 4.21 million to 4.32 million). Examining the newlyweds by education level, the number of newly married adults with at least a bachelor’s degree
would describe them as White if they passed them on the street were also the least likely to say they had received poor service in restaurants, hotels and other businesses; had been treated unfairly by an employer in hiring, pay or promotion; or had been unfairly stopped by police because of their racial
worry about staying with someone they have never met before, and 66% of these users feel that home-sharing services are best for adventurous travelers. In addition, these users are twice as likely to have had a bad experience using home-sharing compared with other users. Much like ride-hailing apps in the context of the employer/worker relationship, home-sharing services are structured much differently from traditional hotels – and consumers are not always clear on the precise nature of this new arrangement. Some 58% of home-sharing users indicate that they see these services as software companies whose business is simply connecting people with a spare room or empty house with others who are looking for
Republicans strongly approve of the law than did so in January 2018. About seven-in-ten Republicans (71%) approve of the tax law, including 43% who strongly approve. Early last year, about the same share of Republicans approved of the tax law (75%), but a majority (57%) strongly approved. Most Democrats continue to express negative views of the tax law. Today, 79%
University of Miami. News about the scandals accounted for just 1% of the coverage measured by PEJ. Not surprisingly, this is a story that attracts the attention of men – especially younger men. Among all men, 15% say
in conversations with family and friends, and this is particularly the case among foreign-born Hispanics (47% say these conversations make them uncomfortable vs. 29% of Hispanics born
to say men have it easier these days. 6Roughly three-quarters of U.S. adults (73%) see gender discrimination in the tech industry as at least a minor problem. Women and men have different views of the size of the problem, though. Among women, 44% say such discrimination is a major
Approval ratings for both Republican and Democratic congressional leaders remain negative on balance and are lower than they were in February. Today, 29% say they approve of the job Democratic leaders in Congress are doing, down from 37% in February. Ratings for Republican leaders in Congress are even worse: just 22% say they approve of the job they are doing. Ratings for Republican leaders in Congress are down from a recent high point of 34%, reached in February at the start of the 115th Congress. The recent drop in ratings for both Republican and Democratic congressional leaders is largely attributable to partisans’ increasingly negative assessments of their own party’s leaders. About four-in-ten Republicans and Republican leaners (39%) say they approve of the job GOP leaders in Congress are doing. These ratings down sharply from February – just after the start of the new GOP-controlled Congress and Trump’s inauguration – when 68% said they approved. However, current Republican ratings of their party are on par with views at other points over the last several years. The share of Democrats and Democratic leaners who say they approve of
been to make the Republican Party competitive among Hispanics—a group that is already the nation’s largest minority and that, by 2050, will comprise 29% of the nation’s population, according to projections by the Pew Hispanic Center. In 2004, Bush captured 40% of the Latino vote,1
emergence of women – engender intense concern among relatively few Muslims. In fact, not only is the entry of women into modern roles of little or no concern to most European Muslims, it is apparently welcomed by many. About six-in-ten British and French Muslims, and about half of German and Spanish Muslims, believe the quality of life is better for women in their countries than in most Muslim countries. In all four countries, the share of Muslims saying women in their countries are worse off is less than 20%. Muslim women in Europe are slightly more likely than men to see the quality of life as better for women in their country than in most Muslim countries. However, in Spain Muslim women were considerably more likely than men to believe this. Extremism among European Muslims is a common source of worry among Muslim minorities in Europe. In particular, Muslims in Great Britain are very concerned. As many express concerns about this (44%) as are very worried about unemployment. Extremism is of somewhat less concern in France (30%
government is a major reason the outbreak has continued, while nearly as many (49%) cite a lack of timely testing. Smaller shares point to unclear instructions about how to prevent the spread of the coronavirus (40%) and that it is not possible to do much to control its
China is age. Young people are consistently more likely than older people to see China in a favorable light. On balance, Americans today tend to be more concerned about China’s economic strength than its military prowess. Still, the share of the
only major religious tradition among Latinos that has seen a net loss in adherents due to religious switching. Net gains have occurred among the religiously unaffiliated
of adults in Taiwan (49%) would support closer political ties to the U.S. but would not say the same of mainland China. Adults who prefer political
from the FBI, but it finds the same overall patterns, with theft the most common form of property crime in 2019 and assault the most common form of violent crime. Both the FBI and BJS data show dramatic declines in U.S. violent and property crime rates since the early 1990s, when crime spiked across much of the nation. Using the FBI data, the violent crime rate fell 49% between 1993 and 2019, with large decreases in the
voters), the Philippines (604,000 voters) and Vietnam (430,000 voters). The vast majority of California’s immigrant eligible voters (75%) have lived in the United States for more than 20 years. The share is highest (82%) among
the past 12 months. At the time, fewer than a quarter of online Indians said they were engaging in commerce or taking a
violence is never justified (41% in Lebanon and 39% in Egypt). Shia Muslims in Lebanon (39%) are more likely than the country’s Sunni Muslims (26%) to take the view that violence in the name of Islam is sometimes or often justified. Support for suicide bombing and other violence aimed at civilian targets is most widespread in the Palestinian territories, with 62% of Muslims saying that such attacks are often or sometimes justified in order to defend Islam from its enemies. Support is strong both in Hamas-ruled Gaza (64%) and the Fatah-governed West Bank (60%). Overall, support for suicide bombing and related forms of violence has declined
from the prior year and nearly double the 34,425 drug overdose deaths that occurred a decade earlier. Opioids – ranging from illegal street drugs like heroin to prescription
Republicans and Republican leaners (84%) say the country is more divided these days than in the past. The latest national survey by Pew Research Center, conducted Jan. 4-9 among 1,502 adults, finds little optimism that the country’s political divisions will subside any time soon: 40% expect the country to be about as politically divided in five years as it is today, while 31% think it will be even more divided; just 24% expect divisions to lessen. In the wake of Trump’s election, there has been an increase in the share of Republicans who think the country will be less divided five years from now. Still, just 36% of Republicans say this; even fewer Democrats (16%) expect the country’s political divisions to narrow in the coming years. In the near term, the public does not think the new Congress and administration will usher in a new
to see France as their most important partner (43%). In the U.S., both Republicans and Democrats name the UK as their most trusted partner, although Democrats are more likely to say this. Republicans are also more likely to name Israel as the preeminent partner than are Democrats. But equal shares from both parties see Germany as a top partner, and the same can be said of China. While many Americans and Germans name China as the most important partner, negative attitudes toward the Asian superpower have increased in both
the Eve of the 2016 Election: Two Coalitions, Moving Further Apart.”) The share of liberal Democrats in the public has grown. In 2016, 21% of Americans identified
notably, the highest favorability percentage (26%) among all countries we asked about). The people of Turkey also
to predominantly Muslim countries far outside of the region. Just 15% of Indonesian Muslims look favorably at the U.S. – down from 61% in 2002. Moreover, there is considerable evidence that the opinion many Muslims have of the United States has gone beyond mere loathing. In this year’s Pew survey, majorities in seven of eight predominantly Muslims nations believe the U.S. may someday threaten their country — including
medical care in the last year, while nearly as many (23%) report problems with paying their rent or mortgage. And 15% say they have been laid off or lost their
Democrats, on the other hand, mostly think they are fair to all sides. Overall, Americans are split in their
story. Richer countries, as measured by gross domestic product per capita (purchasing power parity), tend to have higher rates of internet use, while poorer countries tend to have lower rates. This pattern has been consistent across prior surveys and remains today for both internet
mean temperature to rise. Four in ten (42%) said it was primarily
During the 1980s, the administrations of Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush took a hard-line approach to illicit drug use as concern over the dangers of marijuana rose. Between 1978 and 1990, support for the legal use of marijuana fell by 30 percentage points among Boomers (from 47% to 17%) and by 11 points among Silents (from 25% to 14%). Though one potential hypothesis is that these shifts were attributable to life-stage (that people might become less supportive of marijuana as they move into middle age) opinion among the youngest generation at that time, Gen X, suggests the importance of the period. Among Xers, whose oldest members were in their early to mid-20s in 1990, just 21% favored legalization at the time; they were far less supportive of legalization than Boomers had been at a comparable stage in their lives. Since then, overall support for marijuana legalization has increased across all three of these generations. But the patterns are somewhat different for each. Among Boomers,
Not only does the face of multiracial America appear to be
by respondents. In mid-term elections, there is a difference between the CPS count and other published ballot counts. For example, the November 2006 CPS indicates that 96.1 million persons reported voting in the 2006 national election. Rhodes Cook, another authority on the count, reports the total as 83.8 million. That report is based on the “highest race” ballot tally for each state, or the ballot count from
about whether Russia represented a major threat to the U.S. In 2014, 58% of Republicans and 50% of Democrats said “growing authoritarianism in Russia” was a major threat and as recently as last year, 37% of Democrats and 46% of Republicans described “tensions with Russia” as a major threat. But partisan differences increased sharply after the presidential election, amid
with just 9% among Ukrainian-speakers. At least in the days leading up to Viktor Yanukovych’s
majority of those mentions came from just a handful of YouTube news channels: 11 of these channels studied produced 80% of the videos mentioning QAnon. In a subsequent content analysis conducted in September 2020, eight of these 11 YouTube news
the polling revealed a connection between concern over energy dependence and unfavorable views of Russia. The 2007 Pew survey found relatively negative opinions of Russia across much of Europe – albeit with a few
the party coalitions. Lower-income Republicans (79%) are more likely than middle-income (68%) and upper-income Republicans (58%) to say that people who are wealthy have too much power in today’s society. A
not wear masks; few are bothered by stores that require face-coverings. About seven-in-ten (72%) say it bothers them a lot or some when people around them in public do not wear masks. Far fewer (28%) say it bothers them at least some when stores require customers to wear a mask for service. Americans comfortable going to the grocery but not a crowded party. Three-quarters of adults say they’re comfortable going to the grocery store given the current situation with the coronavirus, but views are more mixed when it comes to a restaurant or hair salon, and most would be uncomfortable attending a crowded party. One key factor tied to people’s comfort level is a personal concern with contracting a serious case of COVID-19: Those most concerned are the least comfortable going out. Republicans remain less likely than Democrats to see outbreak as major threat to public health. Overall, 84% of Democrats and 43% of Republicans say the coronavirus outbreak is a major threat to the U.S. population as a whole. The partisan gap on this
and 31% of the Chinese volunteer that they reject both options or have no opinion. Sentiment in other parts of Europe is comparable to that among the European E3+3 participants. About half or more of Czechs (55%), Spanish (53%), Italians (52%) and Poles (51%) who oppose an Iranian nuclear program would back a military strike to halt it. The outlier is Greece, which is deeply divided: only 27% support a military solution, 30% would accept a nuclear-armed Iran and 43% reject both options or express no opinion. By considerable margins, Egyptians and Jordanians who oppose Tehran
for the United Methodist Church. Even before any departures resulting from this week’s meeting, United Methodists have been shrinking considerably as a
negative on five of 12 issues, including keeping the country safe from terrorism, setting fair standards for workplaces and responding to natural disasters. The government’s ratings on four issues – poverty, immigration, health care and the environment – are, on balance, negative. On three other issues, the public’s views are more mixed. On alleviating poverty and managing immigration, in particular, sizable proportions (42% and 38%, respectively) say the government does a very bad job. By comparison, just 6% say the government does a very good job in helping people out of poverty and 7% say it does very well in managing the
are acceptable or are not a moral issue. There is a stark gender and age divide on attitudes toward drinking which
country is more important than it was a decade ago. A median of only 31% believe the U.S. plays a more important role than it did a decade ago – less than half
way things are going in the country – a plunge from 50% five years ago. Current prime minister, Yoshihiko Noda, fares slightly better: 30% say he is having a positive impact on the country’s situation. By contrast, 89% characterize the influence of the country’s Self Defense Force as good – up 22 percentage points since the same question was posed five years ago. Meanwhile, few among the Japanese public have praise for the Tokyo
coming of age in the 1990s and have experienced a very different social and political world than did Generation X, whose formative years were the 1980s. It’s true that over the past three decades, youth have been disengaging from conventional politics. In particular, electoral participation by America’s youngest citizens has experienced a long, slow decline. In most elections since 18- to 20-year-olds were given the vote,
tough on China economically, instead prioritizing building a strong relationship with China on economic issues. They are also less likely to say the U.S. should hold China responsible for its role in the pandemic at the expense of the bilateral economic relationship. These are among the findings of a new survey by Pew Research Center, conducted June 16 to July 14, 2020, among 1,003 adults in the United States. The survey also finds that while Republicans and Democrats both have negative views of China and are critical of Beijing’s handling of the coronavirus, this criticism is more prevalent among Republicans. Republicans and Republican-leaning independents are significantly more likely than Democrats and
power to deal directly with many of the country’s problems: 77% say this, while just 17% say that problems could be dealt with more effectively if U.S. presidents didn’t have to worry so much about
the deaths of immigrants living in the country. When established through surveys, including the Census Bureau’s Current Population Survey (CPS), both the size of the foreign-born population and the level of change within it are also affected by sampling variability. Changes in the size of Mexican-born population that entered the U.S. since 1990 largely reflect net immigration, which is dominated by new in-flows that lead to an increasing population. The post 1990 Mexican population is relatively young and thus not subject to significant mortality. It also can be consistently measured throughout the period analyzed (1996–2007) and is large enough so as not to be subject to relatively large fluctuations from sampling variability. In contrast, the population of Mexican immigrants who entered the U.S. before 1990 steadily decreases in size over time. That group is subject to significant
say legal same-sex marriage is a good thing for society, compared with a significantly smaller share of black Democrats (52%). 2Black Democrats express high levels of religiosity and hold positive views of religious institutions. When
in Pew Research Center work. For the time being, the potential efficiency gains do not justify the coverage rate reduction in our studies. We will continue to review this policy, however, as the cost/error trade-offs of telephone RDD work continue to evolve. Another new service that telephone survey researchers have been testing identifies cellphone numbers that belong to prepaid or “pay as you go” cellphones. One reason that prepaid phones are of potential interest to survey researchers is that they are disproportionately used by demographic groups that are often underrepresented in telephone surveys. A recent Pew Research Center study found that prepaid phone users were more likely than other cellphone users to
protests accounted for 1% coverage. Just 14% say they very closely followed news about efforts to deal with the debt crisis in Europe; 6% say this was the
do this. Even though Republicans now control the Senate as well, there’s little chance that they could produce a filibuster-proof vote to override an Obama veto. While the health law has resulted in millions of Americans getting coverage, the partisan divide on the issue persists: Tuesday’s exit polls found that
of adults in 18 Central and Eastern European countries. In only two of the countries polled – Czech
better. Meanwhile, 65% say prices have gotten worse, 65% are of the opinion that corruption has worsened (including again 47% who say it is much worse) and 59% think terrorism is worse. (This survey was conducted roughly nine months prior to the Pulwama attack, later claimed by Pakistan-based terrorist group Jaish-e-Mohammad.) Roughly one-in-four think the gap between the rich and the poor has narrowed (27%) and that air quality has gotten better (27%). In both cases, more than half the public thinks these things have gotten worse. And just 28% say communal relations have improved, while 45% say they have gotten worse. As the Lok Sabha election nears, there is a decidedly partisan take on the direction of the country and the challenges facing India. Members of the opposition Indian National Congress
which saw a comparable level of ad revenue. Additionally, these stations have been getting a small but increasing boost from retransmission fees, which have risen fivefold since 2010. (Cable
compared with 17% of those who say the economy is doing well. People who believe inequality is a very big problem are also more likely to express disappointment in their political system in 12 of the 31 countries
how far protections for legal abortion should extend: Conservative and moderate Democrats are more likely to say abortion should be legal in most cases (45%) than in all cases (30%). The balance of opinion is reversed among liberal Democrats: 51% say abortion should be legal in all cases, while 39% say it should be legal in most cases. Among Republicans and Republican leaners, significantly more say abortion should be illegal (62%) than legal (36%) in all or
gun homicides. At 87%, males are the
higher than the rate (67%) among their white counterparts. 1010The percentage of Americans who say the U.S.
say they could never see themselves not owning a gun, though more rural gun owners (78%) than urban gun owners (62%) say this. Even among adults who don’t
are especially supportive of the ACA (84% approve and 12% disapprove). Moderate and conservative Democrats approve of the law by a somewhat smaller margin (66% to 28%). More college graduates approve of the law (51%) than those with only some college experience (43%) or no college (38%). On the issue of marijuana policy, more continue to say marijuana use should be legal (52%) than illegal (45%), and public views about marijuana are little changed over the last year. Millennial adults — who are now ages 18-33 — remain more supportive of marijuana legalization than those in older generations: 63% of Millennials say marijuana should be legal, while 35% say it should be illegal. The
support limits on political campaign spending, and most think new laws could effectively reduce the role of money in politics. A recent Pew Research Center report finds several indications of public
Iran’s nuclear program as a major threat (79% vs. 52%). By contrast, Democrats are more than three times as likely as Republicans to
nations is whether or not people believe a country respects the personal freedoms of its citizens. By that measure
were ages 35 to 54. In January 2010, when non-seasonally adjusted unemployment peaked, the youngest adults’ share
younger than 13 from joining, some 5% of parents of a child age 11 or younger say that, as far as they know, their child uses Instagram, according to a 2020 survey. When considering only children ages 9 to 11,
independents (33%) said they felt angry toward the federal government. Today, fewer Republicans express anger at the federal government (18%). Most say they feel frustrated (55%), while 24% say they are content. Over the same period, Democrats have grown more likely to say they are angry. In 2016, 11% of Democrats and Democratic leaners said they felt this way toward the federal government. Today, more than twice as many Democrats say they feel angry (25%). Still, frustration remains the predominant feeling toward government among Democrats: 59% say they feel this way; just 14% say they are basically content. A majority of adults say they
a year before its recession began. However, the trend has been accelerating since 2010 as the U.S. mainland’s
channels or producers can dominate the recommendation system: All seven were created by and posted to the same branded video channel. All told, 43 of the 50 videos in this list were in one of the four categories listed above. These 50 videos were typically already very popular at the time they were first recommended in this analysis, with an average of 456 million views. Forty-eight of them had at least 1 million views on their first encounter, and seven had more than 1 billion views. At the same time, one video in the top 50 (the children’s video titled “Oddbods Overload | All NEW Episodes | __LIVE | Funny Cartoons For Kids by Oddbods & Friends”) had just over 34,000 views when it was first recommended. But regardless of their initial popularity, these videos collectively increased their view counts substantially
this as a bad thing. Women are more likely than men (68% vs. 54%) to view the increased number of female congressional candidates as a positive development, but views are divided even more sharply along partisan lines. Eight-in-ten Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents say it’s a good thing that more women are running; about half as many Republicans and
has been considerable attention on illegal immigration into the U.S. recently, opinions about legal immigration have undergone a long-term change. Support for increasing the level of legal immigration has risen, while the share saying legal immigration should decrease has fallen. The survey by Pew Research Center, conducted June 5-12 among 2,002 adults, finds that 38% say legal immigration into the United States should be kept at its present level, while 32% say it should be increased and 24% say it should be decreased. Since 2001, the share of Americans who favor increased legal immigration into the U.S. has risen 22 percentage points (from
and the gap between the rich and everyone else. But fewer believe the government can do a lot to lessen poverty (40%) than say it should take a lot of action to achieve this goal (53%). While Democrats support a great deal of government action on both issues, Republicans see addressing poverty and addressing inequality as two different things. A majority of Republicans (64%) support at least some government action in reducing poverty. But
has been a 10-point increase in the share of Germans who see both relationships as important and a 7-point decrease in the share who say the relationship with Russia is more important than the relationship with the U.S. (32% said this in 2018). 6 Americans are split
voters in this year’s elections, based on exit poll data. 1Democrats won the Latino vote, but Republican candidates gained a sizable share of this electorate. In several Senate and governor races for
the rate among those born in the U.S., by 60% to 48%. Among Mexicans,
say they would not be interested in going. People who aren’t interested in orbiting the Earth in a spacecraft cite a number of concerns, including thinking it would be too expensive or scary or that their health or age would not allow
Among Muslims in Indonesia, Jordan, Egypt, Pakistan, and Nigeria, attitudes toward the U.S. and American foreign policy also tend to be quite negative, although the EU is held in somewhat higher regard. Still, many sense antagonism from Europe — at least half of the Muslims surveyed by Pew in 2006 in Egypt, Pakistan, Jordan, and Nigeria said that most or many Europeans are hostile toward Muslims. Indeed, perceptions of hostility or threat from the West may be leading to negative views of people
in 1973). But among Silents, support remains far lower compared to other generations: Their support for legal marijuana has been low since the question was first asked in 1969 (when they were then 24-41), and today just 29% say it should be legal. Among Gen Xers, who came of age in a period of little support for legalization, support has more than doubled since their youth (52% say its use should be legal today, compared to 21% in 1990). Millennials (who were born in the 1980s and 1990s, and have come of age in a period when support for legalization was rising among their elders) are the most supportive of legalization: Since 2006, the share of Millennials favoring the legal use of marijuana has doubled, from 34% to 68%, reflecting a sharper rise in support than seen among Xers and Boomers. While the generation lens is especially powerful for an issue such as marijuana legalization, meaningful generational patterns are not seen across all issues. Views on
line is age 55: labor force participation is expected to fall for those under that age who are
the United States dropped an atomic bomb on the Japanese city of Hiroshima, killing tens of thousands of people – many instantly, others from the effects
for nearly twice the coverage of Japan and Libya combined. Nearly half of the public (47%) says they followed news about the budget fight very closely. Comparable numbers tracked news about Japan and news about
cooperation after the outbreak, with 35% expecting countries to increase their focus on cooperation after the outbreak, 29% expecting more focus on countries’ own national interest and 34% expecting no change in the extent to
stood at 5.9%, about seven-in-ten Chinese (72%) were very concerned about rising prices. With a more manageable 1.4% inflation rate projected for 2015, only 30% cite rising prices as a top concern, a decline of a staggering 42 percentage points over seven years. When asked whether a series of
can happen at the same time, while a majority of Republicans (56%) say the borders must effectively be controlled first. Yet there also are substantial differences within both partisan bases. Republicans who agree with the Tea Party favor a
understand the health effects of GM foods “very well.” Some 44% of Americans say scientists understand this fairly well and 35% say scientists do not understand the health effects of genetic modification at all or not too well. A 2016 report from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine highlighted consensus among scientific experts that GM foods were safe. Most Americans perceive considerable disagreement in the scientific community, however. Only a minority of Americans says that almost all (14%) or more than half (28%) of scientists agree that GM foods are safe to eat. Public trust in information about the health risks and benefits of GM foods from scientists is higher than it is for several other groups: food industry leaders, the news media and elected officials. But only a minority of the public (35%) says they trust scientists a lot to give full and accurate information about the health effects of GM foods, while 43% trust scientists “some.” Trust in information from small
biggest gap between American self-perceptions and how others perceive us is with regard to religiosity. In much of western Europe, the U.S. as a country is considered too religious – our 2005 poll found that majorities in France and the Netherlands and pluralities in Britain and Germany see the U.S. this way. By contrast, a 58% majority of Americans say their country is not religious enough. On this point, Muslims find themselves in rare agreement with the American public; majorities in Indonesia, Pakistan, Lebanon, Turkey, and Jordan all believe the U.S. is not religious enough. There are a number of factors driving anti-Americanism around the world. Among Muslims, first and foremost is thinking that American policy is too supportive of Israel at the
summer months, before dipping in the late summer, fall and winter months. But
enter the U.S., but they are among the most common. H-1B visas Created by the Immigration Act of 1990, the H-1B program is the nation’s biggest visa program for temporary employment of foreign-born workers who have specialized knowledge and a bachelor’s degree or higher. It allows U.S. employers to hire foreigners to
There also has been slight movement on the question of whether U.S. troops should remain in Iraq until the situation there stabilizes, or be brought home as soon as possible. Half of Americans say the U.S. should bring its troops home as soon as possible, while 44% think they should stay in Iraq until it is stable. In recent months, opinion on this issue has been more evenly divided; the 50% in favor of a rapid troop withdrawal equals the highest percentage expressing this view (in March 2006). As public perceptions of the situation in Iraq have deteriorated,
Americans (56%) say the Senate should hold hearings and vote on President Obama’s choice to fill the vacancy. About four-in-ten (38%) say the Senate should not hold hearings until the next president selects a court nominee. Most of those who want
ages 65 and older, express more interest than others in getting messages from the presidential campaigns. About two-thirds of Black (65%) and Hispanic voters (65%) said it is at least somewhat important to them to hear from the Trump and Biden campaigns. Among white
with some college education. Younger Hispanics tended to give their finances lower marks than older Hispanics, though the differences were relatively modest. About two-thirds of Hispanics (68%) ages 18 to 29 said their personal financial situation was in only fair or poor shape, compared with 60% of those ages 50 and older. Fewer than half of Hispanics (46%) said their children will
dozen states: Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Michigan, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York and Oregon. In five states, the unauthorized immigrant population rose
income households were not as polarized, but there was still a 13-percentage-point partisan difference in favorable views of the central bank (53%
down by 300,000 (‑0.5%). The safety net offered by jobs that could be teleworked held for most groups of workers. Among women, for example, employment decreased by 3.6% in occupations that could not be teleworked, compared with a decrease of 0.4% in occupations that could be teleworked. Men had a similar experience, except that their losses in jobs that could not be teleworked
leaders did. About four-in-ten Europeans said they trust their parliament and the national news media (medians of 43% and 41%, respectively). Northern Europeans again expressed
highest in a midterm election year since 1978. Last year also marked the first time since 1982 that the voter turnout rate in midterm elections surpassed 50%. This was a stark reversal from the
(71%) say they heard at least a little about the possibility that the federal government could soon shut down if Republicans in Congress and the Obama Administration fail to agree on a budget. Nearly four-in-ten (37%) say they heard a lot about this, while 33% say they heard a little. That’s up from one week earlier when
exchange text messages with others about a program they are watching (35% of black cell owners have done this recently, compared with 24% of Latinos and 21% of whites) and are more than twice as likely as other groups to post their own comments online about a program
U.S. as their main ally and their main threat). For their part, Americans look outside of Asia for their number one ally (the UK) and greatest threat (Russia). While China’s increasing power generates concerns among some in Asia and around the globe, its economic growth also presents opportunities for many. Across the nations surveyed, a median of 53% say that China’s growing economy is a good thing for their
of Barack Obama. By comparison, in the fall of 2008 just 68% of McCain voters offered an unfavorable opinion of Obama, while 29% viewed him favorably. This pattern also is seen among Obama supporters: 84% view Romney unfavorably, compared with 70% who expressed an unfavorable opinion of McCain the fall of
Loughner not fit to stand trial on allegations that he killed six and severely wounded Rep. Gabrielle Giffords in a January shooting spree in Tucson, Ariz. About a quarter (23%) say they heard a lot about the ruling, while 43% say they heard a
shortly after the Persian Gulf War. Currently, Republicans are more likely than Democrats to offer favorable views of the military, and conservatives and moderates are more likely than liberals to offer
Those who are following the news very closely are more inclined than others to advocate for the U.S. to take a firm stand against Russia. Among those closely following the news, roughly
counterparts. These are among the main findings of a newly released Pew Research Center survey conducted in 40 nations among 45,435 respondents from March 25 to May 27,
next year, compared with 58% of the general population who say the same. Also, two-thirds (66%) of Latinos say they expect their children
diversity in the U.S. helps explain some of the rise in multigenerational living. The Asian and Hispanic populations overall are growing more rapidly than the white population, and those groups are more likely than whites to live in multigenerational family households. 3Women may never make up half of the U.S. labor force. Women accounted for 46.8% of the U.S. labor force in 2015, similar to the share in the European Union.
news media was having a positive impact on the way things were going in the country, a far more positive view than among older generations (just
2003, at the height of tensions over the Iraq War. Across 13 countries surveyed this summer, a median of just 15% of adults said the U.S. had done a good job responding to the COVID-19 outbreak. That was much lower than the share who gave positive marks to their own country (median of 74%), the World Health Organization (median of 64%), the EU (median of 57%) and China (median of 37%). Biden and Trump supporters say they fundamentally disagree with each other not just on political priorities, but on core American values. In an October survey, eight-in-ten registered voters who supported Biden (80%)
how the law will affect people. A third say the coverage
findings from the same survey show that about two-thirds of veterans (64%) say they think the war in Iraq was not worth fighting considering the costs versus the benefits to the United States, while 33% say it was. Similarly, a majority of veterans (58%) say the war in Afghanistan was not worth fighting. About four-in-ten (38%) say it
are especially likely to say this. Americans today also are less likely to oppose a close relative marrying someone of a different race or ethnicity. Now, 10% say they would oppose such a marriage in their family, down
terrible; 30% average). Republican voters are less positive over the possibility of Christie, Kasich or Bush becoming president. While 32% say Christie would make a good or great president, nearly as many (26%) say he would be poor or terrible; about a third (34%) say Christie would be an average president. While 17% say Kasich would make a good or great president, 25% say he would be poor or terrible, and 31% think he would be average; 27% of Republican voters express no opinion about Kasich possibly becoming president, the
as their oldest peers (those born between 1936 and 1955). 2Religious minorities often have more education, on average, than a country’s majority religious group, particularly when the minority group
people were using their cell phones under different circumstances and for different purposes than the way they used their landline phones. In that early research we uncovered a lot
compared with 27% who say they are. These opinions have not changed significantly since late 2013. Republicans remain more skeptical than Democrats about the seriousness of Iranian leaders. Fully 80% of Republicans who have heard at least a little about the negotiations say Iranian leaders are not serious about addressing international concerns over the country’s nuclear program. A majority of independents (64%) and only about half of Democrats (48%) say Iranian leaders are not serious about addressing these
they do not have a voting member of Congress. Here are answers to some key questions about Puerto Rico based on previously published Pew Research Center reports. How many people live in Puerto Rico? The population of the island
those with no more than a high school diploma (41%) think there has
no sympathy at all for both sides. However, a much larger share of the public sympathizes at least some with Israel and not with the Palestinians (29%) than sympathizes with the Palestinians and not with Israel (8%). Among Republicans, roughly half (49%) sympathize with Israel and not with the Palestinians. About
change significantly when the question is broadened to test what respondents believe the broader public prefers. Instead of asking their personal preference, two questions asked respondents whether, “generally speaking,” they
they know has used some type of fertility treatment in order to try to have a baby, according to a new Pew Research
apprehensions of non-Mexicans than Mexicans every year since fiscal 2016. Non-Mexicans accounted for 62% of apprehensions at the southwest border in fiscal
views of Roe v. Wade, the partisan gap in support for legal abortion has grown wider in recent years. While 79% of Democrats say abortion should be
should not have to give up more privacy and freedom to be safe from terrorism. 3While they have concerns about government surveillance, Americans also say anti-terrorism
to getting news online. Fully 74% of online news consumers say they prefer internet sources that do not have a political point of view. Just 19% prefer sources that have a political point of view. Social networking has expanded the ways in which the public gets news and information. About a quarter (27%) of adults say they regularly or sometimes get news or news headlines through Facebook, Twitter or other social networking sites. This rises to 38% of people younger than 30, but now spans a notable share of older Americans (12% of those 65 and older) as well. Most of those who get news from social networks (72%) say they mostly just get the same news and information they would get elsewhere. Just 27% say the news they get over social networking sites is different than the news they get elsewhere. And when asked to describe what they like about getting news over social networks and Twitter, answers range from features of the technology
very different from a typical American. By contrast, only 37% of immigrant Hispanics consider themselves a typical American. This share rises to 67% among second-generation Hispanics and to 79% among third-or-higher-generation Hispanics
Great Recession in fiscal 2009, the deficit accounted for 40.2% of total spending and reached 9.8% of GDP. As the Great Recession eased, the deficit declined relative to both total spending and GDP from 2009 to 2015, but it has been rising on both measures ever since. In April,
favor, 44% oppose). Republican women are somewhat more likely than men to back this proposal, and Republicans who are college graduates express more support than those who have not graduated from college. While majorities of nearly
been more or less the same across EU countries, Norway and Switzerland during the refugee surge – with a few exceptions. For example, less than a quarter (21%) of Afghan asylum applications processed in
either essentially about ancestry or culture (33%) or a combination of religion and ancestry/culture (47%). Only about one-in-five say being Druze is primarily a matter of religion (18%). By comparison, more Israeli Christians (31%)
to say they would be upset (29%) if their child told them he or she was gay or lesbian. But the older the respondents,
it was in November 2013 — and is up 24 points among Hispanics since then (67% approval, up from 43%). Obama’s executive action on immigration draws more intense opposition (39% disapprove very strongly) than intense support (30% approve
problem but not an adversary (43%) than say it represents an adversary (26%). Just 22% say Russia is not much of a problem. Since last November, the percentage viewing Russia as an adversary has risen eight points (from 18%) while the share saying it is a serious problem has
ago (14% then, 35% now), while the share of black Protestants who favor same-sex marriage has increased from 24% in 2007 to 44% today. Throughout most of the last decade, the generational gap within white evangelicals was more modest. In 2007, for instance, 12% of Boomer and Silent white
amount of news coverage and news interest. The national news media devoted 4% of its overall coverage to Ledger’s death — twice the amount of coverage devoted to either the situation in Iraq or the events along the Egyptian border. The bulk of the
the Northeast (52%), Midwest (50%) and West (53%) say they did not have to wait in line to vote. Southern voters, however, are somewhat more likely to report having to wait in line. A quarter of Southern in-person voters (26%) say they waited in line at least 10 minutes, including 8% who say they waited over 30 minutes to vote. This is larger than the share of Northeastern (11%), Midwestern (19%) and Western (18%) in-person voters who say they waited in line at least 10 minutes. Within the South, there are no significant differences in reported wait times between white and black in-person voters. In-person voters in rural areas are more likely than those in suburban and urban areas to say they did not have to wait
are more likely than Republicans to view their own party very warmly (45% vs. 39%). Among independents, both Republican and Democratic leaners feel negatively about the opposing party, but not very warmly toward the party they lean toward. Just 34% of Republican leaners give Republicans a warm rating (compared with 70% of Republicans). Similarly, 38% of Democratic leaners (vs. 72% of Democrats) rate Democrats warmly. Most Republicans and Democrats view
the Gulf Coast – fewer said Bush cared about people like them (41%) and was
parity dollars (i.e., exchange rates adjusted for differences in the prices of goods and services across countries). By this measure, EU member countries collectively generated
compare with the results of our nationally representative telephone survey? One unsurprising finding: If you take a quiz called
very important in their lives; 68% of this group say protecting the environment is essential to their Muslim
34% think it will not. That is the most positive assessment in two months of tracking the public’s outlook. And the events of the weekend did
nearly always makes them feel proud, a share similar to that of black (60%) but slightly higher than among white officers (58%). And 47% of Hispanic
negative view of the party, up from 47% last year. Meanwhile, the right-of-center PAN (63% unfavorable) and social-democratic PRD (68%) are even more unpopular. Mexico’s military continues to be highly rated, with about six-in-ten (61%) saying the military has a positive impact on the way things are going in the country. Roughly half or more list the media, national government and religious leaders as positive influences in Mexico, mostly
been a bad thing. (The surveys did not define globalization.) In the U.S., views of globalization differ significantly by age and education. Americans ages 18 to 29 are 15 percentage points more likely than those 65 and older to say globalization has been
will continue to grow throughout the 21st century, predicting with 80% confidence that it will reach somewhere between 9.6 billion and 12.3 billion
their community, while 36% say that there are plenty of jobs available, according to our recent survey. Views of job availability have edged higher over the past several years as the unemployment rate has declined. The percentage saying that there are plenty of jobs available in their community has not been higher
the financial anxiety felt by many is clearly reflected in the survey’s findings. A remarkable number of Europeans believe the financial situation for average people in their country has not improved over the past two decades. In Greece, Italy and Spain – three southern European nations hit hard by the financial crisis – large majorities say average people are worse off than they were 20 years ago. And roughly half or more share this view in France and the UK. Two notable exceptions are Poland and Sweden, where about two-in-three believe people are generally better off financially. Views about the recent economic past differ along partisan lines in some nations. Germans who express a favorable opinion of Chancellor Angela Merkel’s Christian Democratic Union (CDU) see the past 20 years much more positively than those who rate the party negatively. Just 33% of CDU supporters say things have gotten worse, compared with 61% of those who don’t support the CDU. Similarly, only 45% of the French with a favorable opinion of President Emmanuel Macron’s
people in the UK have also expressed mixed feelings about Brexit and the EU. A spring 2017 Pew Research Center survey found that nearly
would be even worse without U.S. involvement, compared with fewer (38%) who say U.S. efforts to solve problems around the world usually end up making things worse. Views on this question are unchanged from March of last year, the first time it was asked by the Pew Research Center. Comparable majorities of both Republicans (62%) and Democrats (56%) say world problems would be worse without U.S. involvement. But there is an ideological divide on this question within the Democratic Party. By two to one (62%-31%) more conservative and moderate Democrats say problems in the world would be worse without U.S. efforts. Among liberal Democrats, about as many say U.S. efforts to solve problems usually end up making things worse (45%) as say problems in the world would be even worse without U.S. involvement (50%). Overall, the public continues to worry about Islamic extremism around the world and in the U.S. About six-in-ten (62%) say they are very concerned about the rise of Islamic extremism around the world, and just about half (49%) say the same about the possible rise of Islamic extremism in the U.S. Comparable percentages said they were very concerned about the rise of Islamic extremism in September of last year. These are among the highest levels of concerns measured in the questions’
the economy. In the October 2019 survey, two-thirds of Americans (67%) said the federal government wasn’t doing enough to reduce the effects of global climate change. But there were wide political divides over the effects of climate policy. For example, 71% of Democrats said policies aimed at reducing climate change generally provide net benefits for the environment,
saw five new Latinos elected to Congress, according to the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials. In Florida, Republican Carlos Curbelo defeated incumbent Democrat Joe Garcia in the state’s 26th Congressional District. In West Virginia’s 2nd Congressional District, Republican Alex Mooney was elected, while. Ruben
2012. In addition, adults with high school or less education are much less likely to marry. The marriage rate among this group plummeted
2014. By comparison, about half of Catholics (49%) and white mainline Protestants (51%) say this. And among the religiously unaffiliated, just 35% say Islam is more likely to encourage violence among its believers. About six-in-ten (61%) Americans say that there should not be additional scrutiny of Muslims living in the U.S. solely based on their religion as a part of the federal government’s efforts to prevent terrorism. About a third (32%) say Muslims should be subject to greater scrutiny than people in other religious groups. There are wide partisan and ideological divisions on this question. Republicans are roughly evenly divided (49% greater scrutiny, 44% no additional scrutiny), while clear majorities of independents (62%) and Democrats (76%) say U.S. Muslims should not be subject to greater scrutiny because of their religion. Conservative Republicans, in particular, stand apart from other groups as the sole partisan or ideological group in which a majority supports greater scrutiny of Muslims because of their religion: 57% say this, while just 35% say Muslims should not be subject to more attention. In contrast, 59% of moderate and liberal Republicans say they do not think Muslims should be subject to additional scrutiny; about a third (35%) say they should. Liberal Democrats are particularly likely to reject the idea of subjecting Muslims living in
science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) fields, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) data received through a Freedom of Information Act request.1 Many foreign STEM graduates enrolled with OPT after executive actions in 2008 and 2016 initially doubled (29 months), then later tripled (36 months), the maximum length of employment for foreign students with STEM degrees. The number of foreign STEM graduates participating in OPT grew by 400% since the first employment extension was introduced in 2008. OPT is one
rights to same-sex couples began in 1989 when Denmark created “registered partnerships” that extended property and inheritance rights to same-sex couples. This marked the first time a national government guaranteed gay and lesbian households not only protection from harassment but also some of the legal rights long held by heterosexual married couples. Norway took similar action in 1993, followed by Sweden in 1995 and Iceland in 1996;
about whether Cuba will become more democratic in the near future. Fewer than half of those surveyed in July 2015 said they thought Cuba would become more democratic over
of the public (53%) say they are paying the right amount in taxes considering what they get from the federal government. Four-in-ten (40%) say they are paying more than their fair share while just 4% say they pay less than their fair share. Currently, 56% of conservative Republicans say they are paying more than their fair share of taxes, by far the highest percentage
exaggerated and that the U.S. had controlled the outbreak as much as it could have – positions rejected by most Democrats. The Biden and Trump coalitions also fundamentally differ over racial inequality and law enforcement – key issues in a year that saw nationwide protests following the killing of
prospect of these specific kinds of enhancements for healthy people, their views are cautious and often resistant: The survey data show several patterns surrounding Americans’ wariness about these developments. First, there are strong differences in views about using these technologies for enhancement depending on how religious people are. In general, the most religious are the most wary about potential enhancements. For example, those who score high on a three-item index
midterm years dating to 1994, the partisan gap on trait was never more than about 50 points. There also is a 67-point gap between the shares of Republicans and Democrats who say Trump is well-informed. This is a much bigger gap than for past presidents. Democratic ratings for Trump on this trait stand out as historically low. Just 10% of Democrats
the U.S. Opinion on U.S. cooperation with international allies is also divided by partisan affiliation. Democrats generally want to work more with other countries than Republicans do, except for Russia. To illustrate this point, 70% of Democrats want more cooperation with China compared with 48% of Republicans. However, Republicans are 13 percentage points more likely than Democrats to want increased cooperation with Russia, an issue shaped by partisan debates over Russian interference with the 2016 election. Along with Democrats, men (76%) are more likely than women (65%) to want increased cooperation with Germany. Those with at least a completed college education or more (81%) agree with this sentiment more than those with some college education (67%) or a high school education or less (63%). In Germany, backers of Angela Merkel’s center-right coalition of the Christian Democratic Union
question that was used by the U.S. Census Bureau in an experiment it conducted in 2010. Among other things, this question allowed people to select more than one race or origin and also included “Hispanic” as one of the choice options instead of asking a separate question to capture Hispanic origin. We tested this question and a follow-up question that asked respondents if either parent was a different race or origin than they were. We found that many people who only chose a single race for themselves reported that they had parents of a different racial background. In fact, the percentage of
and Palestinians express confidence in the Turkish leader. In contrast, solid majorities in Israel, Germany, Spain, and France have little or no confidence in him. These are among the key findings from a survey by the Pew Research Center’s Global Attitudes Project, conducted March 21 to April 26. The poll also finds that while Turks continue to favor
with candidates in both parties vying for the presidential nomination, the 2008 election garnered both more coverage and more interest. See “Obama Tests Well at Start of Reelection Run,” March 23, 2011.) Last week, foreign news dominated the public’s news interest with more than seven-in-ten saying they tracked either news about Japan (57%) or about allied air strikes in Libya (15%) more closely than any other news. That is rarely
the right. This is the first report of a multi-part series based on a national survey of 10,013 adults nationwide, conducted January 23-March 16, 2014 by the Pew Research Center. The survey, funded in part through grants from the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation, the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation and supported by the generosity of Don C. and Jeane M. Bertsch, is aimed at understanding the nature and scope of political polarization in the American public, and how it interrelates with government, society and people’s personal lives. The second report, coming in
36% say it was not. A majority of those who saw the cover (54%) think it was offensive. Relatively few (27%) think it was funny. Again, there are significant differences between Republicans and Democrats. An overwhelming majority of Democrats (70%) find the image offensive. This compares with only 41% of Republicans. More than half of Democrats (53%) say the cover was racist.
“total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States” in December 2015 – one of a number of controversial statements then-candidate Trump made
gene editing are more likely than those with no familiarity to also anticipate downsides. About two-thirds of those who have heard a lot about gene editing (64%) say it is very likely that widespread availability of gene editing will increase inequality because the technology will primarily be available only for the wealthy, compared with 53% of those who have heard nothing about using gene editing to change a baby’s genetic characteristics. And, 65% of those who have heard a lot about gene editing think it’s very likely that others will use these techniques in morally unacceptable ways, while 54%
Democrats are much more likely than Republicans to say that birth control will be very important to their votes (47% vs. 31%). (For more, see “With Voters Focused on Economy, Obama Lead Narrows”, April 17, 2012.) In the current survey, 57% of whites say it is more important to protect the rights of Americans to own guns; just 37% say it is more important to control gun ownership. This is little changed from surveys conducted
will improve, compared with 50% a year ago. Meanwhile, 22% say it will worsen and 32% believe the economy will remain the same in the months ahead. When it comes to their children’s future, Mexicans are divided. Nearly equal portions say the next generation, when they grow up, will be better off financially than their parents (41%) as say they will be worse off (43%). Roughly one-in-ten (12%) say
and that it’s the government’s responsibility to help poor people and to ensure Americans have health care coverage. One issue where black Democrats differ from other Democrats is same-sex marriage: 88% of white and 76%
incumbent in their district reelected. This is as high as in October 1994 (34%), shortly before the historic 1994 midterm when Democrats lost control of Congress. Anti-incumbent sentiment
they already know as much as they need to about both presidential candidates. When it comes to specific
Massachusetts, North Dakota and South Dakota. Those with declines included five of the six states with the largest unauthorized immigrant populations: California, Florida, Illinois, New Jersey and New York (but not Texas, which had no statistically significant change). The other states with fewer unauthorized immigrants in 2017 than in 2007 were Arizona, Colorado, Georgia,
say they have very little or no confidence at all in the future of the U.S. The share with at least some confidence in the future of the country is down 13 percentage points from 2015 (from 84% to 71%). Over the same period of time, the share saying they have very little or no confidence in the country’s future has increased from 15% to 28%. As with views of government, attitudes among Republicans and Democrats have moved in opposite
amicable partisan relations, a majority of Republicans had unfavorable impressions of the Democratic Party, but just 17% had very unfavorable opinions. Similarly, while most Democrats viewed the GOP unfavorably, just 16% had very unfavorable views. Since then, highly negative views have more than doubled: 43% of Republicans and 38% of Democrats now view the opposite party in strongly negative terms. Even these numbers tell only part of the story. Those who have a very unfavorable impression of each party were asked: “Would you say the party’s policies are so misguided that they threaten the nation’s
adults say they know someone who has been so seriously affected by the virus. Amid reports that some states and cities may face shortages of ventilators to treat seriously ill COVID-19 patients, some states have developed guidelines for how hospitals and doctors should allocate ventilators if they become scarce. The survey asks about the priority for critical care if the availability of ventilators became
public. Currently, 62% view the United Nations favorably, while only half as many (31%) have an unfavorable opinion. That marks little change from last year (64% favorable, 29% unfavorable). Democrats (81% favorable) continue to be far more likely than Republicans (44%) to have a positive impression of the UN. Overall, 54% say that Russia’s power and influence is a major threat to the U.S. This is as high a share viewing Russia as a major threat to the U.S. in Pew Research surveys since 2005 (the wording used in surveys to describe Russia has varied with events over the past 12 years – see topline for full details). More
to understand Americans’ views about the society they live in. Michael Dimock is the president of Pew Research Center, where he leads a domestic and international research agenda to explain public attitudes, demographic changes and other important trends that are shaping our world. A political scientist by training, Dimock has been at the Center since 2000 and has co-authored several of its landmark research reports, including studies of trends in American political and social values and a groundbreaking examination of political polarization within the American public.
in New Mexico and Brian Sandoval in Nevada— comfortably won re-election. Martinez won with 57% of the vote, and Sandoval 71% (exit poll data on the Hispanic vote in each state was not available). This year saw five new Latinos elected to Congress, according to the National
should increase defense spending (43% have this opinion this year, up from 32% in 2017). 6Americans and Germans clearly align on NATO. Nearly identical percentages of Americans (64%) and Germans (63%) have favorable views of the organization. Moreover,
year (34%) say they have a smart speaker, that share drops to 15% among those whose annual family income falls below $30,000. 2Just over half of smart speaker owners are
arrangement refers to the presence of an “extra adult” in the household, who might be an adult child or parent of the householder, or simply a roommate or boarder in the household. In
or after 1981 – are more likely than Republicans in the Baby Boomer or older generations to think government efforts to reduce climate change are insufficient (52% vs. 31%). GOP Millennial and Gen Z adults are also less inclined than older Republican generations to prioritize fossil fuel development. For example, 78% of Millennial and Gen Z Republicans
political opinion.” The UNHCR defines asylum-seekers are persons who have applied for asylum or refugee status, but who have not yet received a final decision on their application. (This would apply, for instance, to the people who’ve been hiking across European borders
from various economic backgrounds. For example, 20% of rural adults whose household income is less than $30,000 a year say access to high speed
The trend may be due to an increased outflow of migrants, a reduced inflow of migrants or some combination of the two. Passel and Cohn (2008) found a decrease in the annual inflow of undocumented migrants to the U.S. since 2005. About four-in-five undocumented migrants come from
presidency, a majority of Americans (60%) say his election has led to worse race relations in the United States. Just 8% say Trump’s election has led to better race relations, while 30% say it has not made a difference. Shortly after Trump’s victory last year, voters had less negative expectations for how his election would affect race relations. In November 2016, nearly half (46%) said it would lead to worse race relations, while 25% expected his election to lead to improved race relations (another 26% expected
be as high as 38.5% or as low as 31.5%.4 The Gallup survey finds a 9-point lead (51%-42%) for Democrats among registered voters. At first glance, this 9-point lead may appear to differ substantially from CBS/NYT’s 15-point
slavery affects the position of black people in American society a great deal, though majorities in each group say it does so at least a fair amount. This year marked the 400th anniversary of the arrival of the first slave ship in Jamestown, Virginia. 13Political independents who don’t lean toward one party or the other account for only 7% of Americans. While they are often portrayed as political free agents with the potential to bridge the nation’s rigid partisan divisions, most independents are not all that “independent” politically. An overwhelming majority of independents (81%) “lean”
and Indonesia see American power as a major threat. In Australia, the Philippines, Vietnam and India, roughly a third or less see the U.S. in a similar light. In Australia, there are significant ideological differences in views of global threats. These divides are widest on global climate change and ISIS – compared with people on the right, those on the left are 52 percentage points more likely to see climate change as a major threat to Australia, but 42 points less likely to say the same about ISIS. Australians on the left are also more likely to see American power and influence as a major threat, but worry less about refugees and cyberattacks. Across the Middle East and North Africa, ISIS is seen as the leading threat in
while just 34% say it is easy to understand. The latest weekly News Interest Index, conducted July 17-20 among 1,002 adults by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press, finds that the debate over health care and news about the economy are the week’s top stories in terms of public interest; 22% each said they followed these stories more closely than any other. The Senate confirmation hearings for Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor was
detailed study last year of attitudes toward capital punishment found that 63% of the public thought the death penalty was morally justified, but majorities said there was some
of Twitter users strongly approve of Trump, compared with 29% of the general public. However, those who strongly approve of Trump are similar to those who strongly disapprove of him in that they also are more likely than other groups to tweet about national politics. Twitter users who strongly approve of Trump generate 25% of the political tweets that come from U.S. adults – larger than the share of all Twitter users they represent (15%). Pairing a survey with an examination of the Twitter behaviors of U.S. adults also allows for a comparison of the attitudes and characteristics of political tweeters with those of
recent experience with online harassment a little or not at all upsetting. But a significant minority, 27%, found the experience extremely or very upsetting. Women were more likely than men to find their most recent experience with online harassment extremely or very upsetting—38% of harassed women said so of their most recent experience, compared with 17% of harassed
likely than Clinton supporters to say immigration is very important to their vote (79% vs. 65%), though the importance of this issue across-the-board is substantially higher today than it was in 2008 or 2012. Conversely, though nearly eight-in-ten (79%) Clinton supporters view the treatment of racial and ethnic minorities as a very important issue to their vote, only 42% of Trump backers say the same. And while more than half of Clinton supporters (54%)
as the continuing troubles facing the economy and General Motors’ preparations for bankruptcy – for the public’s attention. One-in-five say they followed news about the U.S. economy more closely than other top stories, while 18% say they followed developments involving the GM bankruptcy most closely. Most of the polling took place before GM filed for bankruptcy on June 1. Meanwhile, 15% say they followed reports about Sotomayor’s nomination more closely than any other major story. That is the same share that say they
years. The Republicans also are viewed as the party better able to handle immigration (by 36%-23%), but just 5% cite immigration as the biggest problem facing the country. Despite the change in congressional leadership in Washington, the public’s hierarchy of policy priorities remains largely the same as it was in January 2006. Defending the U.S. against terrorism remains the highest priority for the American public: 80% say this should be a top priority for President Bush and Congress this year. This is unchanged from last year. Protecting against terrorism has been the top priority each year since the 9/11 attacks. Roughly seven-in-ten Americans (69%) say improving the nation’s educational system should be a top priority for the president and Congress. About as many (68% each) cite strengthening the nation’s economy and reducing health care costs as major priorities. Among health care issues, more Americans rate reducing health care costs as a top priority than say the same about providing health insurance to the uninsured (68% vs. 56%). Though entitlement reform does not seem to be at the top of the agenda in Washington these days, the public maintains a strong interest in this issue. Nearly two-thirds of Americans (64%) say taking steps to make the Social Security system financially sound should be a top priority for the president and Congress this year, and 63% say the same about making the Medicare system financially sound. The percentage of Americans who cite reducing crime as a major priority is unchanged from January 2006 (62%). Crime concern rose substantially between 2005 and 2006; in January 2005, 53% rated reducing crime as a top priority. Despite this increase, far fewer people view reducing crime as a top priority than did so in the mid-1990s (78% in December 1994), or in January 2001 (76%). Public concern over energy and the
just 21% say their influence will increase (18% say it will not be affected). Democrats hold nearly the opposite view: 51% expect lobbyists to gain influence and 20% say they will lose influence (21% say their influence will not be affected). Despite these differences, Republicans and Democrats do share similar expectations for some groups:
more than three quarters of Americans with less than a college education (77%) as well
with news about the bombings online while 68% tracked the news on television. Among older age groups, far more kept up with information about the bombings on television than followed it online. And a majority of young people (56%) say they kept up with news and information about the bombings on social networks like Facebook and Twitter. Among
as the breakdown of society, the way children are raised, a lack of civility, respect, discipline and
nations, Republicans and Republican-leaning independents (22%) are more likely than Democrats and Democratic leaners (14%) to say this. And Democrats are substantially
Far more voters describe her as well-qualified than say that about Trump (62% vs. 32%), and the gap is nearly as wide in perceptions of whether each is “reckless.” Roughly seven-in-ten (69%) describe Trump as reckless, compared with 43% who say this word describes Clinton. About half of voters (49%) say Clinton is a “good role model,” compared with 25% who describe Trump this way. More also view Clinton than Trump as “moral” (43% vs. 32%). However, just 33% say Clinton is honest; a slightly larger share (37%) say
held especially among young people. 6 Indians (71%) overwhelmingly believe trade is good for their nation. Support for trade, in principle, is roughly comparable to that in Japan (72%) and the United States (74%), but lower than that in the European Union (85%), according to a recent international survey by Pew Research Center. And the share of Indian adults who say growing trade and business ties between India and other countries is very good has nearly doubled, from 25% in 2014 to 49% in 2018. The rise in intense Indian support for trade reflects a widely shared perception that international commerce benefits individuals. Contrary to public opinion in the U.S., Europe and Japan, a majority of Indians believe trade with other countries leads to an increase in wages (57%) and creates jobs
will be growing more slowly in 50 years than it has recently. From 2055 to 2065, the immigrant population is projected to rise by 9%, compared with 17% from 2005 to 2015 (which
stop any religious activity that it sees as counter to policies, traditional customs or laws within its jurisdiction. 2The share of countries with “high” or “very
41% plurality of those with family incomes of $100,000 or more say tax rates on high incomes should be raised; 29% say they should
there was no partisan divide in these views. At the same time, 54% of the public said the government should pursue a criminal case against the person responsible for the leaks, a view more commonly held among Republicans and Democrats (59% each)
most likely to use and trust The Colbert Report as a source of news about government and politics. In our recent survey of online
Republicans (27%) are far more likely than Democrats (11%) to say the media portray the situation as better than it actually is; 21% of independents agree. Half of Democrats say the press portrays the terrorism threat about as it actually is, a view shared by 42% of independents and 39% of Republicans. There is no significant difference in the proportions of Republicans, Democrats and independents who say the media make the threat of terrorism look worse than it really is. There also are
has been undertaken in conjunction with the Project for Excellence in Journalism’s News Coverage Index, an ongoing content analysis of the news. The News Coverage Index catalogues the news from top news organizations across five major sectors of the media: newspapers, network television, cable television, radio and the internet. Each week (from Monday through Sunday) PEJ compiles this data to identify the top stories for the week. The News Interest Index survey collects
of the increase coming among Republican and Republican-leaning voters. Today, by more than two-to-one (65% to 29%), Republican and Republican-leaning registered voters say it is more important that a candidate have new ideas than “experience and a proven record.” Just five months ago, GOP voters valued experience and a proven record over new ideas, 57% to 36%. Opinion among Democratic voters continues to be more evenly divided: 50% say it is more important for a candidate to have experience and a proven record, while 42% view new ideas and a different approach as more important. This is little changed from March (46% experience, 49% new ideas). The latest national survey by Pew Research Center, conducted Sept. 22-27 among 1,502 adults, including 1,136 registered voters, gauges the impact of various issue positions on the preferences of possible Republican and Democratic primary voters. Opposition to the Iran
say personal attacks are off-limits; Trump supporters are more divided (47% say they are sometimes fair game, while 51% say they never are). With less than a year to go in his presidency, Barack Obama’s job rating is in positive territory for the first time in nearly three years. Currently, 51% of the public approves of the way Obama is handling his job as president, while 44% disapprove. In January, Obama’s job ratings were more mixed (46% approve vs. 48% disapprove). The public’s views of the nation’s economy are little changed from December:
U.S. infants (14%) are multiracial or multiethnic. This share is nearly triple the share (5%) in 1980. Multiracial or multiethnic infants include children younger than 1 year old who live with two parents and whose parents are each
country must address now. But
53% of American parents of school-age children say they are satisfied with the level of their involvement, though close to half (46%) wish they could be doing more. When asked about specific ways they are involved, more than eight-in-ten parents (85%) say they talked to a teacher
40% of Democrats and 41% of independents say they have heard a lot about claims that criticism of Obama has been driven by race. There is no significant difference between whites and blacks in terms of how many say they have heard a lot about this story line. Other political stories of the week resonated less widely with the public. About three-in-ten (31%) say they
terrorist organizations. Nearly nine-in-ten Indians say terrorism is a very big problem for the country, two-in-three voice the opinion that Islamic extremist groups are a major threat to India and roughly six-in-ten are worried that such groups could take control of Pakistan. Overall, just 19%
counted in the 2000 Census, 53% were changed to white, 24% to black, 15% to Asian or Pacific Islander and 9% to American Indian or Alaska Native. So no births are reported by the center to mixed-race mothers. However, when
social media in certain ways: On the other hand, workers are equally likely to say they use social media for a range of purposes regardless of their workplace policy, including: A relatively modest share of
say Bush’s accomplishments will outweigh his failures. By comparison, in January 2004 — at the outset of Bush’s re-election campaign — more saw the administrations accomplishments carrying more weight (49%) than its failures (36%). This dour view of the Bush presidency stands in contrast to public sentiment at the same point in Bill Clinton’s presidency. In January of 2000, 51% felt the Clinton administrations main legacy would be its accomplishments, while just 37% said the failures would stand out. At the time, a quarter of Republicans felt that Clinton’s legacy would be positive, compared with just 9% of Democrats who say the same about Bush today. And fewer Republicans
January. Republicans are also slightly more likely to predict that Cuba will become more democratic; still, just a third (33%) express this
similar interest, including the death of actor Robin Williams (27%) and news about the Ebola outbreak in Africa (25%). Similar shares also tracked news about U.S. airstrikes in Iraq (23%) and the situation between Russia and Ukraine (22%). News interest in Trayvon
less. While Democrats overall think lower taxes on large businesses and corporations would make the tax system less fair, this view is more widely held among those earning $75,000 a year or more (76%) and those earning between $30,000 and $74,999 (61%) than among those with household incomes of less than $30,000 (45%). Among Republicans, those with incomes of $75,000 a year or above are more likely to say lowering taxes on large businesses and corporations would make the tax system more fair (43%) than less fair (17%). Views of how lowering taxes on large businesses and corporations would impact the economy are strongly associated with views of whether a decrease in corporate taxes would make the system more or less fair. Fully 73% of those who say lowering taxes would hurt the economy also say it would make the system less fair. Among those who say a decrease in corporate taxes would help the economy, about half (49%) say it would make the system more fair, while 30% say it would not have an impact on the system’s fairness and just 18% say it would
those 30 to 49 years old also say this. Views are more divided among those ages 50 and older: half (50%) say Muslims living in the U.S. should be subject to more scrutiny than people in other religious groups, while 41% say they should not be subject to additional scrutiny. Non-whites are more likely than whites to reject the idea of scrutiny of Muslims based on religion: 74% of blacks, along with 66% of Hispanics say Muslims living in the U.S. should not face greater scrutiny solely because of their faith, compared with a narrower majority (57%) of whites. Nearly seven-in-ten postgraduates (69%) and 65% of college graduates say Muslims should not be subject to greater scrutiny. Those without a college degree are somewhat more likely to say Muslims should face more scrutiny because of their religion (34% say this, while 59% say they should not). Majorities of those in most religious groups say Muslims should not face any more scrutiny as a result of their religion. White evangelicals are an exception, and are divided: 50% say Muslims living in the U.S. should be subject to more scrutiny, 43% say they should not. Nearly three-in-ten (29%) Americans cite terrorism (18%), national security (8%) or ISIS (7%) as the most important problem facing the country today.
partisanship that has dominated Washington in recent years will ease in 2021. However, Democrats are much more optimistic than Republicans that relations
Earlier in the year, a gunman fired dozens of rounds at members of Congress, their staff members and others participating in a morning baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia, severely injuring Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the highest-ranking members of the House of Representatives. The spate of attacks brought familiar calls for legislation to restrict access to guns. A survey the Center conducted in spring, before the shootings, found areas of agreement on some proposals, such as preventing the mentally ill from purchasing guns and requiring background
top priority for NASA (61% of Republicans and 63% of Democrats, including those who lean to each party). But Republicans tend to put monitoring the Earth’s climate system as a lower priority for the agency, consistent with long-standing political divides over climate issues. Fewer Republicans and Republican-leaning independents (44%) than Democrats and Democratic leaners (78%) believe that monitoring the Earth’s climate system should be a top priority for NASA. Some 38% of Republicans say that monitoring the Earth’s climate system should be an important but lower priority, and 17% say this is not too important or should not be done. Republicans are also less likely than Democrats to see basic scientific research to further knowledge of space as a top
next five years and 29% think it will continue for more than five years. Overall, just 32% in Jordan are optimistic about the war ending in the next year, but 64% of Syrians living in Jordan expect the conflict will end in 2018. Additionally, on the issue of allowing Syrian refugees into their country, people in Jordan, Turkey and Lebanon are strongly in favor of letting in fewer, with many volunteering “none” as the best option. These are among the major findings from a Pew Research Center survey conducted among 6,204
times when it is acceptable for journalists to use anonymous sources, with 67% saying it is acceptable only in special cases – a view which echoes the standards of professional journalism organizations
is best for the country. Public opinion on the benefits of government by experts largely mirrors the views of these experts. A median of 42% think it would be a good way to run their country. However, support varies considerably across Europe, ranging from a high of 68% in Hungary to a low of 31% in Greece. The U.S. stands out as the country in which the public is most likely to see this option as very bad for the country (31%). In most transatlantic countries, education has no effect on support for a technocracy. The U.S and Germany are the only two places surveyed in which those with higher levels of
influence describes the U.S. “not at all well” – the highest share among the 10 items included in the survey. The public places great importance on a broad range of democratic ideals and principles. Across most of the 10 democratic values asked about in the survey – including respecting the rights of all, ensuring that governmental branches keep one another from having too much power, and ensuring elected officials face serious consequences for misconduct – large majorities say these are very important for the country. In all cases, overwhelming shares say these values are very or somewhat important; few Americans say they are not too or not at all important. However, there is considerable
about the same as it has been over the last few years and lower than it was in October 2013, during the 16-day government shutdown. At that time, 30% said they were angry at the government. Today, Republicans (21%) and Democrats (24%) are about equally likely to express anger about the federal government. This reflects substantial shifts within both parties over the last year: Levels of anger toward the federal government have fallen sharply among Republicans, while levels among Democrats
have an unfavorable view of Boko Haram (which loosely translates as “Western education is sin”), including 79% of whom have a very unfavorable view. Negative opinions are shared by Muslims (80%) and Christians (83%) alike. Only 10% of Nigerians have a favorable view of the group. Support is little changed from 2013. The Taliban, which has a base of operations on the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan, is seen unfavorably by 59% of the population in Pakistan. Only 8% have a favorable view of this extremist organization, with a third of Pakistanis not offering
older than their counterparts who access the paper online – in their mid-50s, compared with online newspaper readers, who
36% who say the Republican Party could do the better job. In April, public views were evenly divided. The share who thinks the GOP could do better on taxes has declined from earlier this year, while the share that prefers the Democratic Party is little changed (more now volunteer that they don’t know who would do better or say both parties or neither party could handle the issue). Today, 65% of Republicans and Republican leaners say the GOP could do better on taxes than the Democratic Party, down from 82% in April. The Republican Party also has lost ground on dealing with the terrorist threat at home – an issue where they have long held an advantage over the Democratic Party. About as many now say the Democratic Party (38%) as Republican Party (37%) could do the better job on the issue. In April, by 48% to 36% more said they preferred the Republican Party’s approach. As was the case in April, the public sees the Democratic Party as better than the GOP when it comes to “making wise decisions about foreign policy.” The Democratic Party
In each of those surveys, respondents were asked if their household income fell into certain ranges. As in Pew Internet surveys in the past, many respondents were willing to provide income ranges for their household. Still, in each survey a notable number of respondents said they did not want to disclose their income: 17% in the survey in December 2009 – January 2010
other attitudes about Trump, views on whether he has done enough to distance himself from white nationalism are deeply divided by party. Democrats are more than three times as likely as Republicans to say Trump has not done enough to distance himself from white nationalist groups (83% of Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents vs. 26% of Republicans and Republican leaners). The survey by Pew Research Center, conducted March 20-25 among 1,503 adults, finds that 40% approve of the way Trump is handling his job as president, little changed since January (37%). The survey was largely
again, according to a separate 2017 Pew Research Center survey. In Canada, large majorities across the political spectrum support NAFTA, according to the Center’s new survey: Conservatives (83%) and Liberals (82%), as well
events in their significant other’s life, share emotional connections, and let their significant other know they care. At the same time, teens’ use of social media sites can also lead to feelings of jealousy or uncertainty about the stability of their relationships. However, even teens who indicate that social media has played a role in their relationship (whether for good or for bad) tend to feel
million), Mexico (12.3 million) and Russia (10.6 million). 5Despite its relatively large global emigrant population, as of 2015,
sharers say they now share a phone because their own phone was lost, broken or stolen, as do about four-in-ten Colombians (41%) and Kenyans (41%). Not needing to use a mobile phone regularly is a commonly cited reason for sharing a phone in India (39%) and the Philippines (29%). In India, a sizable portion of phone sharers also name another reason for sharing rather than owning their own device: They think phones are too complicated to use (26%). Smartphones, or phones that can connect to the internet and run apps, are the most prevalent type of mobile device in nine of the
Act, more Americans see the law as having a positive effect on the U.S. than a negative effect (44% vs. 35%), according to a survey conducted in December. The share of Americans saying the law has had a positive effect on the country has increased 20 percentage points since 2013. The same survey found that 69% of Americans say the federal government should play a major role in ensuring access to
example, the Census Bureau reports data about children of multiple races, while the National Center for Health Statistics changes mixed-race mothers into single-race mothers in publishing its data. And the
March 2017. The numbers are very similar among those who were Democrats in 2015: 79% consistently identified as Democrats or leaned Democratic in all five surveys, while 9% switched parties at some point but came back to the Democratic Party by
gap in views about discrimination against whites is little changed from 2016; Republicans remain more likely than Democrats to say there is a lot of discrimination against whites (21% vs. 6%). Among members of both parties, the shares saying there is a lot of discrimination against Jews
10 nations surveyed, people on the left of the ideological spectrum are more likely than those on the right to have a favorable attitude toward the institution. Spain, however, shows the opposite, with those on the left holding more negative views. A similar pattern can be seen when examining sentiment among people who favor populist parties. Most of the major populist parties across Europe are on the right side of the ideological spectrum and are often strong critics of European integration. People who favor these parties in many countries are significantly less likely to have a positive view of the EU. For example, among Swedes with a favorable view of the Sweden Democrats, 40% have a positive opinion of the EU. Among Swedes with an unfavorable view of the party, however, almost three-quarters (74%) see the EU positively. There is a similarly large difference between Germans with a favorable view of AfD (37% view EU favorably) and those with a negative view of the party (70% view EU favorably). Both the AfD and
released last week, made efforts to explain the pros and cons of stimulus spending and deficit reduction, and both found majorities supporting the latter option. The NBC/WSJ survey asked if the president
previous week, compared with 19% of those ages 30 to 49 and 18% of those 50 to 64. 3As of summer 2018, those under 30 were less likely than older Americans to believe vaping is harmful to one’s health. Roughly
older adults, those with a college degree and liberals. Democrats age 50 and older are 26 percentage points more likely to say the news media is having a positive impact today than they were in 2015 (59% now, 33% then). By contrast, views among Democrats under 50 are little different today than they were in 2015; just 33% of this group currently rates the media’s impact positively. Overall, 53% of Democrats with a college degree say the news media has a positive effect on the way things are going, up
situation in Iraq as either the most important (or second most important) issue in their vote. Roughly four-in-ten (42%) cite the economy as a major issue in their vote, while 35% say health care. These opinions have changed very little over the past month. The situation in Iraq is by far the top issue for Democrats (60%). About half of independents (46%) cite Iraq as an important
is most pronounced in Venezuela (73% no confidence) and Brazil (70%). In Venezuela, those on the ideological right are far more likely to have no confidence in Castro (89%) compared with those on the left (40% no
economy is doing well, which reinforces the point that, for most countries surveyed here, satisfaction with the media aligns with satisfaction on other country conditions rather than along a left-right spectrum. These are among the major findings of a Pew Research Center survey conducted among 41,953 respondents in 38 countries from Feb. 16 to May 8, 2017. In addition to the
press and freedom of speech. 5When asked about the tradeoff between democracy and stability, 54% of Egyptians
differing views about the organization, and the size of the partisan gap has increased over time. This year, for example, 85% of Democrats are positive on the UN, compared with just 39% of Republicans, a difference of 46 percentage points. The Japanese public stands out as the most unfavorable toward the UN among all countries surveyed in 2020. A majority (55%) express a negative sentiment with the
it is working very well. More Democrats than Republicans say significant changes are needed in the design and structure of government. By more than two-to-one (68% to 31%), Democrats say significant changes are needed. Republicans are evenly divided: 50% say significant changes are needed in the structure of government, while 49% say the current structure serves the country well and does not need significant changes. The public has mixed evaluations of the nation’s political system compared with those of other developed countries. About four-in-ten say the U.S. political system is the
for the well-being of the EU. Before the referendum, a median of 70% said that they thought it would be a bad thing for the EU if the UK were to leave. This included 89%
extremism in the U.S.; 71% of those 65 and older are very concerned about increasing Islamic extremism
of Latinos. More broadly, this pattern for top issues among U.S. Latinos has been fairly consistent for a number of years in Pew Research Center surveys. In fall 2016, the top issues for Latinos were education, the economy and health care. And in December 2008, as President-elect Barack Obama prepared to take office for the first time, Latinos cited the economy, education, health care and national
secondary schools with officers present said officers carried a firearm.) Primary schools in cities were less likely than those in towns
younger Americans to see the U.S. as one of the world’s greatest nations – and there is a particularly wide age gap in perceptions of the
national security, while 61% of those 65 and older believe the bases are important to Germany’s defense. There are stark differences between and within the U.S. and Germany when it comes to which foreign policy partner is considered most important. Among Americans, 36% choose the United Kingdom as the most or second-most important foreign policy partner. Roughly two-in-ten say China (23%) and Canada (20%) are top partners, but Germany is chosen by only 13% as the most or second-most important partner, in between Israel at 15% and Mexico at 12%. Among Germans, France is clearly seen as the top foreign policy
Americans (61%) give the military positive ratings for reducing crime and bringing civil order to Iraq, but a significant minority has been critical of the military’s performance in this regard. Nearly a quarter (24%) rate the military’s performance in this area as “only fair” and 8% say the military has
negative in parts of the Muslim world, especially Pakistan (11% favorable), Jordan (14%), Egypt (16%), and the Palestinian territories (16%). Only 21% of Turks see the U.S. positively, although this is actually a slight improvement from last year’s 15%. But the Muslim world is hardly monolithic, and America receives largely positive ratings in predominantly Muslim nations such as Senegal in West Africa and Indonesia and Malaysia in Southeast Asia. Elsewhere in the Asia/Pacific region, the U.S. receives particularly
sympathize with Israel than are older Americans. By 42% to 17%, more young people say they sympathize more with Israel than the Palestinians. Roughly half or more of those in older age groups sympathize more with Israel, while only about one-in-ten or fewer sympathize more with the Palestinians. Large
A Pew Research Center survey found that about two-thirds of people see the effects of science on society as mostly positive, which is consistent with some 35 years of data from the General Social Survey. Looking at the components of trust in science across these three scientific areas— vaccines, climate change,
not safe (16%) or volunteer that they don’t know (17%). Those who say that vaccines for such diseases as measles, mumps and rubella are unsafe for healthy children (9% of
admission at a port of entry (like the U.S.-Mexican border), according to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Modern waves of refugees arriving in the U.S. reached
federal government, and despite the wide-ranging budget cuts known as “sequestration,” most of the federal payroll remains intact. Leaving aside one
of stricter environmental laws has increased, from 36% then to 45% today. There has been little change in
been no princes born to the royal family
universe of digital native news outlets, our analysis
of women (44%) than men (39%) report doing at least two of these activities on a more frequent basis. Traditional information and peer networking activities are the most common ways scientists stay up-to-date. However, digital methods are now a common part of
about twice as likely to express anger toward the federal government than they were a year ago (11% then, 24% today). The only time during the Obama administration that levels of Democratic anger were about as high as they are now was in October 2013, during the federal government shutdown, when 25% said they were angry. Democratic anger at government was at similar levels during Bush’s second term. The public’s overall outlook for the nation remains more optimistic than pessimistic,
the VA estimates. About three-quarters (77%) of veterans in 2016 served during wartime and 23% only served during peacetime. 2The share of the U.S. population with military experience is declining. In 2016, 7% of U.S.
of Americans say that TPP would be a good thing for their country, while 29%
recent nationwide polls have found many Americans expressing concern that Iraq might turn into another Vietnam, just 25% think that Iraq will turn out to be another Vietnam; a 54% majority believes that the U.S. will accomplish its
be of any race). About 1.3 million more teens were employed in July 2014 than in April, a rough gauge of
that the law requires the uninsured to get insurance. That compares with 71% of those who have health insurance. And just half of the uninsured (50%) are aware that low-income residents in their state will be eligible for federal subsidies to purchase insurance; they are no more likely to be aware of this than are people with health insurance (49%). Most people who do not have health insurance (63%) say they plan to get health insurance within the next six
the initial disclosures by Edward Snowden. The public followed reports about the government’s
a major threat to the health of the U.S. population as a whole; only 33% of Republicans and Republican leaners say the same. Trump viewed as minimizing coronavirus risks; news media seen as exaggerating them. Reflecting the public’s modest level of confidence in Trump’s response to the outbreak, 52% say he has not taken the risks from the coronavirus outbreak seriously enough, while 37% say he has gotten the risks about right; 10% say he has exaggerated the risks. By contrast, a majority of adults (62%) say the news media have exaggerated risks from the outbreak. Financial toll from coronavirus. Among those who are currently employed, only 36%
and higher family incomes are particularly likely to consider the preventive health benefits of the MMR vaccine as very high and, on the flip side, to see the risk of side effects as low. For example, an overwhelming majority of Americans with a postgraduate degree (93%)
were textile, apparel and leather manufacturers (36%) and the farm sector: A third (33%) of the nearly 2 million agriculture workers in 2014 were born outside the U.S. While these industries had the biggest share of immigrant workers, they
priorities. Terrorism by a wide margin ranks first among Republicans (87%). The survey finds little change over time in many of the public’s other priorities: 67% rate improving education as a top priority, 66% cite securing Social Security, 64% reducing health care costs and 61% securing Medicare. However, the budget deficit – which surged in importance between 2009 and 2013 – has lost ground since then. Currently, 64% say reducing the budget
(12.3%), Arizona (12.2%), Colorado (10.2%) and New Mexico (10.1%). California and Texas had about the same share of students with unauthorized immigrant parents in 2012, but by
component of job preparation, we also took a closer look at what the BLS deems the typical education level required for entry-level positions in each of the occupations it projected. More than half (55%) of all
their views about a political or social issue in the past year because of something they saw on social media, according to a Pew Research Center survey
among those with postgraduate degrees and 72% among those with bachelor’s degrees. Smaller majorities of those with some college experience but no college degree (62%) or those with no more than a high school degree (53%) say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry. While Republicans overall are
gets better marks from women, blacks, Hispanics, those in lower-income households, and those ages 30 and older. At the same time, many do not know that libraries offer learning-related programs and materials such as e-books, career and job resources, and
over increased government spending in most areas, including health care, environmental protection, aid to the unemployed and military defense. Yet veterans benefits and infrastructure continue to stand out as areas in which partisans generally agree. Identical shares in both parties (72% of Republicans and Democrats) say spending on veterans benefits should be increased. And 64% of Democrats favor more government spending on rebuilding highways, bridges and roads, while a majority of Republicans (57%) also support this. While Americans support increased government spending in a number of areas, they continue to be divided in preferences regarding the overall size of government: 47% say they would
threats facing the United States are even more pronounced when looking at ideology and partisanship. For instance, 88% of liberal Democrats regard global climate change as a major threat to the United States, making it the top threat among eight included. By contrast, just 18% of conservative Republicans say global climate change is a major threat, which is 21 percentage points lower than the next lowest threat, Russia’s power and influence (39%). Conservative Republicans are roughly four times as likely as liberal Democrats to view the large number of refugees from Iraq and Syria as a major threat (70% vs. 19%). For conservative Republicans, the refugee migration ranks behind
10% of coverage, nearly as much as the U.S. presidential campaign. About three-in-ten Americans (31%) say they heard a lot last week about the defunct satellite that scientists expected to crash into the earth this past weekend. Another 40% say they heard a little about this. Nearly three-in-ten (28%) heard nothing
things that are grounds for impeachment – including 70% who say he has definitely done such things – a smaller majority of Republicans (80%) say he has not. Fewer than half of Republicans (46%) say Trump has definitely not done things that are grounds for impeachment. There are age and educational differences in opinions about the House’s decision
of the other. Here are six charts that highlight Russian and American public opinion about the relationship between the two nations: 1Russians’ views toward the U.S. briefly improved after
disapprove, the lowest rating of his presidency for this issue. Terrorism has reshaped the public’s agenda, both at home and abroad. Currently, 29% cite terrorism (18%), national security (8%) or ISIS (7%) as the most important problem facing the country today. One year ago, just 4% of the public cited any of these issues. And while ISIS already ranked high among leading international dangers, 83% now regard ISIS as a major threat to the well-being of the U.S., up from 67% in August 2014. Public concerns that anti-terrorism policies have gone too far in restricting civil liberties have fallen to their lowest level in five years (28%); twice as many (56%) now say their greater concern is that these policies have not gone far enough to adequately protect the country. However, Americans are not much more likely today to support the use of U.S. ground forces against ISIS than they were before the recent terror attacks. Currently, 47% favor the use of U.S. ground forces against ISIS, little changed from July (44%). And overall concerns about the rise of Islamic extremism at home and abroad, while high, are no higher than they were in September 2014. Perceptions about the relationship between Islam and violence also have not changed significantly since last year – though these
most important partners for the U.S. And while the UK and China rank in the top three positions across party lines, more Republicans (25%) than Democrats (5%) name Israel as a top foreign policy partner for the U.S. There are also significant partisan differences in opinion on views about Canada and Mexico. Older Americans (ages 50 and older) are more likely to name the UK as a top foreign policy partner than younger Americans (ages 18 to 29). This pattern is reversed for China, which younger Americans are more likely to say is a top foreign policy partner. About six-in-ten Germans name France as one of their country’s top two foreign policy partners, while roughly one-third name the U.S. These results are consistent across a range of political parties: Supporters of the CDU/CSU, their coalition partner the
people with a college degree or higher. About three-quarters of Americans with a postgraduate degree (78%) or college degree (72%) say they can believe information coming from the EU about the coronavirus outbreak. Similarly, 70% of people with a postgraduate degree trust information from the WHO at least a fair amount, including roughly one-third who say they trust the WHO a great deal when it comes to information about the coronavirus. About half of people with a high school degree say they trust information from this source. Younger adults are also more likely to view information from the WHO as trustworthy; 68% of Americans ages 18 to 29 say they can trust information from the WHO at least a fair amount. Only about half of adults ages 65 and older (51%) share this view. Differences by education and age, however, are relatively small compared
in Afghanistan (42%) and news about the federal budget deficit and national debt (44%). Relatively few see either story receiving too much coverage (12% Afghanistan, 11% federal budget deficit and national debt.) Republicans are more satisfied with the amount of campaign news coverage than they were in April. Currently, 54% of Republicans say
but not essential and 19% say it is not important. The importance of the right to vote is widely shared across partisan lines: 96% of Democrats and 91% of Republicans consider it essential to their own sense of freedom.
Both the percentage of crimes that are reported to police and the percentage that are solved have remained relatively stable for decades. Around eight-in-ten motor vehicle thefts (79.5%) were reported to police in 2019, making it by far the most commonly reported property crime tracked by BJS. Around half (48.5%) of household burglary and trespassing offenses were reported, as were 30% of personal thefts/larcenies and 26.8% of household thefts. Among violent crimes, aggravated assault was the most
U.N. with majorities or pluralities in 19 of the 25 countries expressing a positive opinion. Moreover, ratings of the U.N. have grown more positive since 2007 in 12 of the 25 nations. Europeans overwhelmingly
their children, citing unvaccinated individuals as a main contributor to the disease’s spread. Some have linked the outbreak to the anti-vaccination movement –
(34%) say this is very likely, while 38% say it is somewhat likely. About a quarter say this is not too likely (16%) or not at all likely (8%). Those following news about the scandal very closely are more likely to say they think this is very likely (45%
message about health care reform than mostly positive (12%). About one-in-five (21%) say they have seen a mix of positive and negative messages about health care reform in the ads. The proportion of people who report seeing mostly negative ads has grown steadily since mid-July, when
third (32%) of the public says they followed news about the protests in Egypt very closely last week. That’s nearly double the 17% that said this one week earlier. Three-in-ten Americans (30%) say they followed news about the protests more closely than any other story, according to the latest News Interest Index survey conducted Feb. 3-6 among 1,001 adults. The previous week, just 11% said the protests were their top story. But the many elements of the Egypt story accounted for 56% of media coverage last week, according to a
independents now say the number of forces there should be decreased (42%) rather than increased (32%); in January, as many favored decreasing troop levels as increasing them (37% each). While support for the health care bills before Congress ticked up slightly from last month, more Americans continue to oppose than support the overall package by a 47% to 38% margin. And strong opposition continues to outweigh strong support by a 34% to 24% margin. Currently, 38% support the health care bills in Congress, up slightly from 34% last month. The shift reflects a rebound in support for health care legislation among
Liberal Party. There is also a sizeable gender gap on this question, with men (49%) more likely than women (38%) to think troops should remain. Another challenge for Obama and
both Wall Street and Washington, majorities in nearly every demographic group now say they are hearing mostly bad economic news. More than six-in-ten Republicans (71%), Democrats (62%) and independents (69%) say that the news they are hearing about the economy is mostly bad. Since July, negative impressions of news about the job situation have increased far more among Democrats (up
leader in Mexico since Pew Research Center began surveying there. His rating in Mexico is also the lowest among the 37 nations polled in 2017. The proposed border wall between the U.S. and Mexico has been a high-profile position for Trump since
done in explaining his plans and policies, while 41% approve of his high-level appointments, according to a Pew Research Center national survey, conducted Jan. 4-9 among 1,502 adults. These opinions have changed little since
the project). Though Trump has said that Mexico would pay for the wall, rank-and-file Republicans are not so sure. Close to half of Republicans (46%) say that the U.S. would ultimately pay, while fewer (31%) think that Mexico would cover the cost; another 16% of
they followed news about the spill very closely, compared with 52% of Republicans. Among independents, 55% followed this news very closely. Though most Americans focused on the oil spill last week, other stories also grabbed the public’s attention. More than four-in-ten (43%) say they followed reports about the condition of the economy very closely. This was the
presidential candidates, compared with 75% of Democrats and 72% of independents. And Republicans are substantially more engaged in the current campaign than they were at this point in the 2008 campaign; in December 2007, 74% of Republicans had given a lot or some thought to the candidates
point since she took office in 2010, with a recent Datafolha survey showing only 8%
likely to be hardworking compared with 24% who said less likely and 34% seeing no difference or offering no opinion. More than half (55%) saw the rich as more likely to be
whites (47%) and Hispanics (35%), while blacks were about as likely to name technology (26%) as they were
a 57% majority of independents say the U.S. is one of the greatest, along with others, and an additional 26%
(26%) say they followed news about the tragedy in Japan most closely, making this the public’s top story last week. Japan shared the top spot one week earlier with news about the threat of a government shutdown over
of GOP congressional leaders are more positive today than in October 2017, when 22% approved of their performance. Members of both parties have much more positive jobs ratings for the congressional leaders of their own party than the opposing party. A majority of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents (55%) approve of Republican leaders in Congress. This share is little changed from June 2018, but significantly higher than October 2017, when 39% of Republicans approved of their party leaders in Congress. However, Republicans’ job approval of GOP leaders is much lower than in February 2017, shortly
of peace operations today are deployed in an environment where there is little or no peace to keep. … There is a clear sense of a widening gap between what is being asked of United Nations peace operations today and what they are
Party by large margins, though the party’s advantage in leaned identification is greater among the oldest Millennials. Among Millennials born between 1981 and 1986 (28 to 33 in 2014), the Democratic Party leads by 18 points (51% Dem/lean Dem, 33% Rep/lean Rep). Among the youngest adult Millennials (18 to 23
all of them fleeing the civil war in neighboring Syria – represent nearly 20% of that country’s population of 5.9 million. In second place was Jordan, where refugees – also nearly all from Syria – represent more than 8% of the population.
Americans at both ends of the political spectrum are polarized on climate issues, and their differences extend to how well they think climate scientists understand climate change, how
lower – 46%. Whether the couple was engaged when they lived together didn’t make a difference in women’s chances of long-lasting marriages. For men, the patterns are slightly different. In this case, it matters
El-Sisi would leave the government without a sufficient mandate to deal with the unrest
say they have not heard much and 27% report hearing nothing at all. In contrast, in many other nations, large majorities are familiar with recent recalls of Chinese products in their countries. Indeed, 96% of Japanese, 88% of South Koreans, 81% of Americans, and 72% of Germans have heard about this issue. 1 For more on attitudes toward and within China, as well as opinions on other political, economic and cultural topics, see 24-Nation Pew Global Attitudes Survey, Report 1: Global Economic Gloom – China And India Notable Exceptions, June 12, 2008 and Report 2: The Chinese Celebrate Their Roaring Economy, As They Struggle With Its Costs, July 22, 2008 from both of which this summary is excerpted. 2 The survey in China was conducted from March 17-April 21, 2008, following the onset of civil unrest on
the state level, this report focuses on 2005 to 2011 (especially 2007 to 2011) because the large sample size for ACS-based estimates permits more statistically sound
digital-book content. The typical (median) college graduate has read seven books in the last year. Young adults – 80% of 18- to 29-year-olds have read a book in the last year, compared with 67% of those 65 and older. These young adults are more likely than their elders to read books in various digital formats, but are also more likely to read print books as well: 72% have read a print book in the last year,
least somewhat concerned about Islamic extremism in their country. People in Israel (37% very concerned) and Russia (23%) are less concerned about extremism than those in many of the other countries surveyed. But this has not always been the case in Russia, where great concern about extremism is down 12 percentage points since 2011 and 29 points since 2005, when the survey was fielded just months
Republicans rated economic conditions as poor) and at the tail end of the George H.W. Bush administration (when the question was first asked by Gallup). During Bill Clinton’s presidency, Republican and Democratic views tracked one another more closely. Looking ahead, the public has mixed views of how they think the national economy will perform over the next year. About as many say conditions will be better in a year (32%) as say they will be worse (29%); 37% think they will be about the same as they are now. The public’s outlook
media communications than their emails or websites, young adults are the most likely to do so: Nearly four-in-ten (37%) of those ages 18 to 29 turn to candidates’ social media accounts, compared with 28% of those ages 30 to 49,
gaps within some racial groups. Among blacks, men are much more likely than women to marry someone
2016. Fully 82% of blacks overall say this issue is very important, and it is among the highest on this group’s 2016 agenda. Nearly three-quarters of Hispanic voters (72%) also say the
sex they were assigned at birth. About three-quarters (77%) of Democrats with a bachelor’s degree or more say this, compared with 60% of Democrats with some college and 57% of those with a high school diploma or less. No such divide
good idea, far fewer think it will actually succeed. As the Iraq war has shaken the global outlook of American influentials, it has led to a revival of isolationist sentiment among the general public. Fully 42% of Americans say the United States should “mind its own business internationally and let other countries get along the best they can on their own.” This is on par with the percentage expressing that view during the mid-1970s, following the Vietnam War, and in the 1990s
less affluent are more likely to use them for tasks traditionally reserved for larger screens. For example, lower-income smartphone
as more effective than others Against the backdrop of organized school walkouts and marches calling for new legislation to address gun violence, teens see more value in some proposed measures than others. Asked to assess how effective various measures would
Services. By comparison, the number of naturalization applications increased by 19% in fiscal 2012 over the previous year. But application numbers don’t always increase during presidential election years. In fact, many
Sen. Bernie Sanders in January (58%) say the same. However, about six-in-ten Democratic voters who supported other candidates in January now say they are bothered
potential to automate a wide range of human activities and to dramatically reshape the way that Americans live and work in the coming decades. A Pew Research Center survey of 4,135 U.S. adults conducted May 1-15, 2017, finds that many Americans anticipate significant impacts from various automation technologies in the course of their lifetimes – from the widespread adoption of autonomous vehicles to the replacement of entire job categories with robot workers. Although they expect certain positive outcomes from these developments, their attitudes more frequently reflect worry and concern over the implications of these technologies for society as
Democrats significantly more likely than Republicans or independents to offer a positive opinion of China. However, despite a 2016 presidential campaign season that featured a fair amount of negative rhetoric about China from then-candidate Trump and other GOP contenders, ratings have
whether their country should get UN approval before using military force
had strong, and well-publicized, disagreements with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu over negotiations with Iran, and Obama’s ratings are especially low among Israelis who identify with Netanyahu’s Likud
somewhat confident. Just 7% have little or no confidence. The gap between the two camps is about as large
in the U.S., where respondents across education groups offer nearly identical views. In Germany, gender differences are also notable; even though German men are more likely than women to say the use of military force is sometimes necessary, more men than women say their country should have UN approval before using force (83% vs. 70%). The view that their country should have UN approval before using military force to deal with threats is far more prevalent among American liberals than among conservatives. Close to six-in-ten (57%) liberals favor obtaining UN approval, while 33% say this would make it too difficult for the U.S. to deal with threats; in contrast, most conservatives (52%) say getting UN approval would make it too difficult to deal with threats, while 38% say this is an important step. Political moderates fall between the other two groups, with 49%
of those who say the Tea Party best reflects their views say it is too early to pay attention to the elections. About three-in-ten among those more aligned with Republicans (28%) or Democrats (34%) say this. Republicans are more likely than Democrats or independents to say they are watching the election landscape across the country, not just in their home districts. Close to six-in-ten Republicans (56%) say they are interested in elections taking place across
in Sen. Mary Landrieu’s local offices; 27% heard a little about this, but 63% say they heard nothing at all. One of those arrested – James O’Keefe – gained prominence last fall after releasing undercover video that showed employees of Acorn, a community organizing group, appearing to give advice to a couple posing as a pimp and a prostitute. Three-in-ten (31%) had heard a lot about that story in a survey conducted Sept. 18-21, while 25% had heard a
go online, as do a majority of Indians with a secondary degree or more (67%). Similar patterns regarding age and education are found in the other 10 countries surveyed: Younger and more educated people are more likely to go online. In eight of these countries, gender differences in internet use are either nonexistent (in the case of Colombia, the Philippines, Venezuela and Vietnam) or modest (in the case of Jordan, Lebanon, Mexico and South Africa). These differences are most prominent in India, Kenya and Tunisia, although majorities of both men and women in Tunisia and Kenya go online. In India, 46% of
more prominent role in driving people’s concerns about human enhancement than life extension. For instance, among highly religious people (based on an index of common measures),
are more negative than positive. (For more on opinions about the Middle East, including views of Obama’s handling of the situation, see this report.) Since last fall, there have been declines in the percentages of Republicans, Democrats and independents who think the U.S. does too much in the world, while increasing shares of all three groups say it does too little. But the biggest shift in opinion has come among Nearly twice as many Republicans as Democrats now think the United States does too little to help solve world problems (46% vs. 24%).
other issues related to Russia’s alleged election meddling – are divided along partisan lines, nearly half of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents (46%) are very or somewhat confident Mueller will conduct a fair investigation. Democrats and Democratic leaners are overwhelmingly confident Mueller’s investigation
tax burden. Only about three-in-ten across all income categories say this bothers them a lot. The feeling that some corporations and wealthy people are not paying their fair share of taxes is more likely to be cited as bothersome by people with low family incomes than by those with higher incomes. About half of all Republicans
compared with 85% of Democrats. Americans’ stated comfort with or likelihood of engaging with key parts of the contact tracing process varies across other demographic groups as well. In particular, adults with higher incomes are more likely than those with middle or lower incomes to say they would be likely to speak with a public health official and would be comfortable sharing information. For example, 85% of those with relatively high incomes say they would be very or somewhat comfortable sharing the places they have recently visited with a public health official, compared with 73% of those with relatively low incomes who say that. And a similar pattern follows by levels of formal educational attainment. These are some of the key findings from a Pew Research Center survey of 10,211 U.S. adults conducted July 13-19, 2020, using the Center’s American Trends Panel. They add to the body of research the Center has conducted since March about the health, economic and political effects of COVID-19. These findings also relate to survey results from September showing 49% of Americans would definitely or probably not get a coronavirus vaccine if one were available today. Additionally, this material expands on insights about people’s wariness about the likely impact of privacy and location-monitoring apps on smartphones in limiting the spread of COVID-19 as tech-focused solutions continue to be developed. The remainder of this report is structured to map the way data collection and analysis might unfold in a contact tracing process. It starts by discussing public awareness of contact tracing, then proceeds to examine people’s behavior around calls from unknown numbers (as calls from a public health agency might arrive) and related perceptions of how secure their personal information might be. It then examines people’s views about three key steps in
This includes majority endorsement of the Eurosceptic Podemos in Spain, Five Star Movement in Italy and UK Independence Party (UKIP) in the UK. The May 2015 local elections in Spain saw the left-wing, Eurosceptic Podemos party come in third in most of the regions that voted. The party also gained control in Barcelona. Economic pessimism and Euroscepticism appear to be behind much of Podemos’ electoral appeal. Among supporters of the various major parties, Podemos adherents are the gloomiest about the current economic situation in Spain (95% say it is bad). They are
quality of life had stayed the same or lost ground. Once again, Bulgaria is the clearest example of this pattern. Among Bulgarians whose lives had improved, 60% agreed that people are better off in a free-market system, while 35% disagreed. Bulgarians whose
GOP will solidly unite behind Trump, but 40% do not think this will happen and 7% aren’t sure. Among Democrats, 82% of those who preferred Clinton in the primaries
to do this). Nearly two-thirds of Americans now use social media platforms of some kind, and a substantial number of social media users are utilizing these platforms to look for work – and also to pass along employment tips to their own friend networks. Some 35% of social media users have
were doing the moment they heard the news of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. This recall is as high among those younger than 30 – who were only eight to 19 years old when the attacks occurred – as it is among older Americans. Among eight other historic events tested, only one – the assassination of John F. Kennedy in 1963 – is a vivid memory for virtually all of those old enough to remember the tragedy: 95% of Americans who were born in 1955 or earlier, and who would have been eight or older in 1963, say they can recall exactly where they were or what they were doing. That is virtually
say they are voting for him rather than against Obama. The deadlock in candidate support continues to reflect the offsetting strengths and weaknesses of the two candidates. Romney’s personal image has improved substantially since the summer, and his favorability rating among registered voters (50%) is now about the same as Obama’s (52%). But Obama continues to lead his rival on many personal characteristics and issues. Obama is seen as the candidate with more moderate positions on issues and as more willing to work with members of the other party. He
“very happy” (36%) than those who attended seldom or never (23%), and less
Earth is warming primarily due to human causes, compared with 26% among their Republican counterparts. Similarly, Democrats are much more likely than are Republicans to express concern about the issue of climate change and to see at least some effects of global warming in their local community or in their own lives. There are wide political divides over the consequences of policies aimed at climate change that hold even among those who agree that the Earth has been warming. Most Republicans are skeptical about whether, in general, policies aimed at reducing climate change benefit the environment (72% of Republicans and Republican leaners say these policies either make no difference or do more harm than good), and 57% think such policies harm the economy. For their part, about two-thirds of Democrats (66%, including leaners) think that such policies will help the environment and most see either no harm (39%) or net benefits for the economy (45%) from such policies. When asked about specific proposals to reduce climate change, most Democrats (90%) and smaller majorities of Republicans (65%)
professional sports are affecting U.S. society in a positive way, white adults are divided (46% say pro sports are having a positive effect and 49% say they are having a negative effect). Age also plays a role. About six-in-ten adults
usual this year. And the more optimistic Democrats are, the more engaged they are ­ 61% of those who think the party will do better are more enthusiastic about voting than usual, compared with just 37% of those who do not predict Democratic gains this fall. Republicans’ expectations are more modest for the upcoming elections: More than half of Republican voters (57%) say their party will do about the same as in recent elections; 22% think the party will fare worse; and just 15% of Republicans think the GOP will do better than in recent elections. So far, voter awareness of ballot issues in their state is somewhat
other opponents. However, it was reintroduced and passed on Sept. 11 in a special legislative session. The action in California comes at a
half of Converts (44%) favored Ted Cruz for the GOP presidential nomination. But in September 2016, during the general election campaign, 73% of this group had warm feelings for Trump, including 31% who gave Trump a very warm rating. By March 2018, 71% gave him a very warm rating. Skeptics, like Converts, had cold or neutral feelings for Trump in April 2016. Unlike Converts, however, Skeptics did not have warm
public was divided when asked if a waiver should be given to religiously-affiliated organizations that objected to the use of contraceptives or whether they should be required to provide coverage for birth control like other employers. (See “Public Divided over Birth Control Insurance Mandate,” Feb. 14, 2012.) The gender differences on this issue were relatively modest. Roughly half of women (48%) who heard about the issue said that religiously affiliated organizations that object to contraceptives should be required to cover them; 42% said they should be
border wall have changed little over the past three years. But the partisan gap has widened, as Republicans have become more supportive of a border wall, while Democratic support has declined. Currently, 58% of Americans oppose substantially expanding the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico, while 40% favor the proposal. Since early 2016, roughly six-in-ten Americans have opposed building or expanding the border wall (in 2016-2017 the question asked
is taken into account. Among Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents, a majority of women (74%) and men (64%) say the country hasn’t gone far enough when it comes to achieving gender equality. And while Republican and Republican-leaning women are more likely than their male counterparts to share this view, relatively small shares of each
U.S.-Mexican border has shown virtually no change since 2007 or 2o11. But age and partisan differences in opinions about a proposed border fence have widened, with Republicans becoming more supportive and Democrats less so over the past four years.
who said their impression of Obama had changed in recent days were asked if any specific events had caused them to change their view of him. Overall, a majority of those who said their opinion of Obama had become more negative volunteered a specific incident, with the Wright controversy mentioned most frequently (by 60% of those who cited a specific event). Descriptions included “the debacle
organize campaigns and protests or just let their friends know what’s on their minds. Here are 10 facts about Americans and Twitter, based on recent Pew Research Center surveys and other studies: 1Around one-in-five U.S.
to improve. In September, just 7% of Republicans expected
population by 2028. The Millennial generation continues to grow as
of historical trends. In the early 2000s, the number of newly arrived Hispanic immigrants greatly outnumbered newly arrived Asian immigrants. Around the time of the Great Recession, Latin American immigration declined sharply, especially from Mexico. CORRECTION (Sept. 21, 2020): An update to the
Trump’s conduct. The survey finds that most Republicans and Republican leaners favor Trump listening more to members of the party with experience in government. Nearly six-in-ten (58%) say Trump should listen more to Republicans who have experience working in government, while 34% say he should
preferable to any other kind of government. Similarly, opinions about democracy vary little, if at all, across gender, income and education groups. In Pakistan, however, Muslims with at least some college education are considerably more likely than those with less education to say that democracy is preferable to any other kind of government; more than half of Pakistani Muslims with some college education or more offer this opinion (53%), compared with 45% of those with a secondary education and just 36% of those with a primary education or less. Yet, those with less education are not necessarily more likely than those with some college to embrace other forms of government; a similar percentage in each group says that non-democratic government can be preferable and that the kind of government Pakistan has does not matter to people like them. Instead, Pakistani Muslims with a primary education or less are about three times more likely than those with at least some college to decline to offer an opinion (28% vs. 9%, respectively). In Nigeria, support for democracy is somewhat more widespread among Christians than among Muslims; 76% of Nigerian Christians say democracy is preferable to any other kind of government, compared with 66% of Muslims. Religious differences are less pronounced in Lebanon, where 86% of Christians and 81% of
half-century, from 22.1% in 1960 to 14.5% in 2013, according to Census Bureau data. Even in some of the nation’s poorest regions, the poverty rate has declined. In
see Zika as a threat to public health. Some 46% of blacks, compared with 27% of whites, believe Zika is a major threat to the population. (The 39% of Hispanics saying Zika is a major threat is not statistically different than the share saying
and Democrats. About eight-in-ten Republican gun owners (81%) said they favored such a proposal, with about half (48%) saying they strongly favored it.
they have become more callous toward people since taking the job. This compares with 42% of officers who say they are not frequently angry or frustrated. And while a large majority (75%) of officers who don’t frequently feel frustrated or angry believe the media treat police unfairly, an even larger
privacy than those who did not. The public generally believes it is acceptable for the government to monitor many others, including foreign citizens, foreign leaders and American leaders. Yet 57% said it was unacceptable for the government to monitor the communications of U.S. citizens. At the same time, majorities supported monitoring of those particular individuals who use words like “explosives” and “automatic weapons” in their search engine queries (65% said that) and those who visit
compared with a quarter (25%) of Twitter users. (These figures refer to all users, not just news users). Additionally, about three-in-ten (28%) Facebook users comment on posts
followed by reading, math, teamwork, writing and logic. Science fell somewhere in
any other story. About four-in-ten (42%) say they followed this story very closely, but interest was especially high in the regions most hard hit. More than half (53%) in the South and the Midwest (51%) say they followed this news very closely. Stories about the cold weather accounted for 4% of the national newshole. About a quarter of the
education to say they had recently gotten news from Trump or his campaign. The education gap was wider for the Biden campaign: About a third of voters with a postgraduate degree (32%) said in June they had gotten online news or information from Biden
level of interest comparable to recent weeks; 3% say this was the news they followed most closely. Election news made up 1% of coverage. About one-in-ten (12%) say they very closely followed news about the labor agreement between the National Football League
for doing something wrong has increased nine points (from 49%) since May 2013. Over the same period, the percentage of Democrats who express this view has declined six points (from 29% to 23%). Independents’ views are largely unchanged. Roughly four-in-ten (43%) adults 50 and older think allowing undocumented immigrants to gain legal status is a reward for wrongdoing, compared with 27% of those under 30. And Hispanics (19%) are less likely than whites (41%) to view granting legal status as a reward for doing something wrong. When it comes to legal
or 30 years ago. Among men, the fathers of adult children and those who are not parents are the most critical of today’s dads. In each case, 60% say that today’s fathers are doing a worse job than the previous generation of fathers. Dads with children under age 18 have a more positive view of contemporary fathers: 47% say today’s
do the right thing on the economy: 49% have a great deal or fair amount of confidence in Obama compared with 37% who say they have more confidence in GOP leaders. 3Positive views of the job situation have edged up, but most Americans still say jobs are hard to find. When it
have heard of the group, 74% view it unfavorably. Despite the clash over health care legislation last month between the White
the state of the country and its economy and relative dissatisfaction with elements of personal life. The new data suggest the Chinese people may be struggling with the consequences of economic growth. Notably, concerns about inflation and environmental degradation are widespread. And while most Chinese embrace the free market, there is considerable concern about rising economic inequality in China today. These are the latest findings
week. Much of that was tied to the dueling speeches on May 21 by President Obama and former Vice President Cheney that highlighted different approaches to thwarting terror and dealing with suspected terrorists in U.S. custody. More than four-in-ten Americans (44%) say they followed reports about the U.S. economy very closely last week, which is little changed from recent weeks. News organizations, meanwhile, devoted 12% of the newshole to the economic crisis,
Netherlands (79%), while the smallest shares were found in Italy (67%), the UK (67%) and Spain (64%). Each of the Western European countries studied had a larger share of adults in middle-income households than the U.S. (59%). 9European countries received a near-record 1.2 million first-time asylum applications in 2016. Some of these applicants may have applied for asylum in multiple countries or arrived in 2015, raising the total number of applications
2050. 6In the U.S., Hispanic identity fades across generations as distance from immigrant roots grows. High intermarriage rates and declining immigration are changing how some Americans with Hispanic ancestry see their identity. Most U.S. adults with Hispanic ancestry self-identify as Hispanic, but 11%, or 5 million, do not. While nearly all immigrant adults from Latin America or Spain say they are Hispanic, this share decreases by the third and fourth
between trusters and distrusters are sometimes stark: In Germany, for instance, seven-in-ten trusters have positive views of the organization, compared with about half of distrusters (48%).
59% and 57% of those living in suburban and urban areas, respectively. While the impression that jobs are scarce has risen substantially in recent months, it is still far below the
– or more religious than – many Americans who belong to other faith groups. Four-in-ten (43%) Muslim Americans say they attend mosque at least once
likely than women to share sports news with their family and friends online. Sharing information about personal views regarding religion and politics and purchases is less common. Less than four-in-ten social networkers in emerging and developing nations say they share views about products (37%), politics (34%) and religion (30%). But there is a range of interest in debating these topics online, from the 8% among social networkers in Russia and Ukraine who discuss religion to the 64% in Jordan who say the same. Similar ranges can be found for sharing views
Third, a partisan divide has emerged over Merkel. In 2012, there was virtually no difference in the views of Democrats and Republicans, but in 2017, 64% of Democrats had confidence in the chancellor,
a portrait of the home broadband users:2 Broadband use at home has risen fairly consistently
the city’s population) follow crime news very closely at nearly twice the rate of whites, 49% versus 26%.
Economic issues top the list of Russia’s biggest problems, with nearly seven-in-ten (69%) saying inflation is a very big problem. Additionally, majorities are very concerned about unemployment and inequality. Despite the positive feelings for Putin and their country, 59% say corrupt political leaders are a major concern in Russia today. These are among the findings of a Pew Research Center survey conducted
in the U.S. from May 13-June 18, 2019, and 2,015 adults in Germany from May 31-July 25, 2019. Differences on security issues predominate when looking at American and German public opinion. For example, Americans and Germans take opposing views on Article 5 obligations under NATO. When asked whether their country should or should not use military force to defend a NATO ally in the event of a potential Russian attack, six-in-ten Americans say their country should defend that ally, while an equal share of Germans say their country should not. Meanwhile, 63% in Germany say that the U.S. would defend a
mentioned in at least 20 stories. The only Democrat other than Clinton to match this attention is
part to American relief efforts, favorable opinion of the U.S. is at its highest point in nearly a decade, climbing to 85% positive this spring. The image of the United Nations has also improved in conjunction with earthquake assistance, and China’s image has seen a modest uptick. One of the biggest questions raised by the March 11 earthquake and tsunami is nuclear safety. About six-in-ten (59%) in Japan are worried that they or someone in their family may have been exposed to radiation from the damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant. About seven-in-ten (69%) say they disapprove of
support examples: While a large share of parents find value in social media as a general information resource, fewer say they come across useful parenting information while using social media. At the same time, one-in-four say they get support from their
war to an acceptable conclusion. In early October, Pew Research found a close divide between those saying they were confident that Obama would “do the right thing” in Afghanistan (50%) and those who were not (45%); just 16% expressed a “great
a bachelor’s degree or higher. Adults in lower-income families are more likely than those in higher-income families to say being able to financially support a family is very important for making a man or woman a good spouse or partner. For example, 41% of adults with family incomes of less than $30,000 say this is a very important attribute
the same number (12%) report having seen Wright’s sermons online. The impact of these events on Obama’s overall image appears to be mixed. Three-in-ten Americans (30%) say their opinion of Obama has grown less favorable in recent days, but another 22% say their opinion of him has grown more favorable. One measurable effect of Obama’s speech on race in America was to increase the visibility of Reverend Wright’s sermons. In the days leading up to Obama’s
for citizens to vote. A large majority of Democrats (84%) say that voting should be made as easy as possible for citizens. By contrast, just 35% of Republicans favor making voting as easy as possible, while 63% say citizens
throughout their education due to national mandates. Part of this linguistic imbalance may be because most European students are learning English in school, according to a new Pew Research Center analysis. Across Europe, 91% of students
still close to a year away, Republicans are more likely than Democrats to say they have given at least some thought to the candidates. Currently, 86% of Republicans say they have given a lot or some thought to the presidential candidates, compared with 75% of Democrats and
wording showed similar overall partisan differences. In 2016, the Center asked social media users whether they had “ever modified” their views about a political or social issue
Republicans and Democrats are about as likely to say that talking about politics with people whom they disagree with is “stressful and frustrating” as say such conversations are “interesting and informative.” And majorities in both parties (65% of Republicans, 63% of Democrats) say that when they talk to people on the other side, they usually end up finding they have less in common politically than they thought. Our study of polarization in 2014 found
a fifth (21%) of world services imports. Protectionist sentiments in any of these societies, if acted upon, can reverberate around the world. A global median, excluding those four countries, of just 19% hold the view that trade destroys jobs. But 59% of Italians, 50% of Americans, 49% of French and 38% of Japanese see trade as destructive of employment. Just 21% of the global public in the survey hold the view that trade lowers wages. But 52% of Italians, 47% of the French, 45% of Americans and 37% of Japanese say trade undermines domestic incomes. And 46% of the world public voices the view that foreign companies buying domestic firms is bad for their country. Fully 76% of Japanese, 73% of Italians, 68% of French and 67% of Americans judge foreign-led M&A harshly. Notably, the French and Americans manifest some of the only demographic differences on trade and investment-related concerns. Women more than men express the opinion that trade hurts employment in the U.S. (55% to 46%) and in France
how many people have jobs as a percentage of the total civilian working-age population, helps fill in the nation’s jobs picture. For
be more likely to back a candidate who wants to deploy U.S. ground forces to fight ISIS (22% less likely). Opinion among possible GOP primary voters is more divided over a candidate who wants to deport all immigrants who are in the U.S. illegally (43% more likely, 29% less likely) or wants to compromise with members of the Democratic Party (41% more likely, 27% less likely). And nearly as many Republican voters say they would be less likely (34%) as more likely (31%) to support a candidate who wants to raise taxes on wealthy Americans; 34% say this would not be a major factor. About six-in-ten possible Democratic primary voters (61%) say they would be more likely to support a candidate who offers policies similar to the Obama administration; just 12% would be less likely to support such a candidate and 26% say this would
who say he has a good influence. By a 55% to 44% margin, Venezuelans also
adults say it is at least somewhat likely that jobs such as fast food workers (77%) and insurance claims processors (65%) will be mostly performed by machines in their
experts’ decisions are usually worse than other people’s. Here, too, Democrats tend to hold scientific experts in higher esteem than do Republicans: 54% of Democrats say scientists’ policy decisions are usually better than those of other people, while two-thirds of Republicans (66%) say that scientists’ decisions are either no different from or worse than other people’s. 6Factual knowledge alone does not explain public confidence in the scientific method to produce sound conclusions. Overall,
since 2007. Around seven-in-ten Senegalese (70%) and Nigerians (69%) like the UN, but the organization is more popular among Nigerian Christians (81% favorable) than Nigerian Muslims (58%). Only about half in South Africa (51%) support the UN. While overall evaluations of the UN are high, there is even greater
place, which usually restrict children younger than 13 from joining, some 5% of parents of a child age 11 or younger say that, as far as they know, their child uses Instagram, according to a 2020 survey. When considering only
more detail: 40.6% of Indian Americans 25 and older have graduate or professional degrees, and 32.3% have bachelor’s degrees; an additional 10.4% have some college education. One likely factor:
their own religious beliefs; 40% of white evangelicals say their personal beliefs sometimes conflict with science, while 57% say they do not. Respondents who have no religious affiliation are the most likely to think that science and religion, in general, are often in conflict, with 76% expressing this view. But just one-in-six religiously unaffiliated adults (16%) say their own religious beliefs conflict
climate change, and extremism. There was generally less concern about the threats posed by specific countries such as Iran, North Korea, Pakistan, China, and the United States. The world’s two leading powers, the U.S. and China, enjoy mostly positive images in Africa. Both nations receive higher favorability ratings in Africa than in the other regions included in the 2013 survey. Across the eight African nations, a median of 73% express a positive opinion of the U.S., while 65% hold this view
and Turkey — the number preferring democracy over a strong leader is about the same as in the U.S. (63% U.S., 63% Lebanon, and 57% Turkey). Muslim publics attach considerable importance to specific democratic principles, especially the freedom to criticize the government. Honest multi-party elections, a fair-handed judiciary and a press free to report without government censorship also are
one minor child, but who may also have an adult child or children, say they spend too much time on their smartphone, while smaller shares say they spend too much time on social media (36%) or playing video games (11%). A majority of parents also report that their phone can get in the way of spending quality time with their children. Roughly seven-in-ten parents (68%) say they are at least sometimes distracted by their smartphone, with 17% saying this happens often. Parents’ assessments of their technology use vary by age. For example, parents
Center survey found that more than three-quarters (77%) said enforcement of the nation’s immigration laws should be left to the federal
income—are slightly underestimated. Estimates are presented for the world and for the major regions, such as Asia & South Pacific, Africa, and Europe. The report also highlights trends in selected major countries, such as in China and India; trends in the U.S. and for its partners in Western Europe; and developments in Eastern Europe. The dates chosen for the analysis are predicated on the availability of data. The end point is 2011 because more recent data are scarcely available. Also, the latest benchmark estimates of purchasing power parities—exchange rates corrected for differences in the prices of goods and services across countries—are for 2011. This is one of the first studies to make use of the 2011 parities, which represent a step forward in methodology and the latest understanding of how the cost of living compares across countries.22 The starting point, 2001, is one decade earlier and marks the beginning of the century. Data for 90 of the 111 countries included in the report come from the World Bank’s PovcalNet database.
who say Trump has likely done illegal things either during the campaign or while in office also say he should remain in office (59%), about four-in-ten (38%) say the president should be removed from office. About four-in-ten (43%) say that Republicans in the Senate will be at least somewhat fair and reasonable during the trial, with just 17% saying they are very confident GOP senators will do this. Slightly more (48%) expect Democratic senators to be at least somewhat fair, though just 18% say
primaries until June but it was later blocked by the state’s Supreme Court. Even if polling places can be staffed, the
are about twice as likely to say they prefer a close relationship to the U.S. over China (50% to 24%), while Americans are almost equally divided (41% prefer Germany, 44% say China). In the U.S., younger Americans are much more likely than older Americans to want a close relationship with China over Germany. For example, 58% of Americans ages 18 to 29 say it is more important for their country to have a close relationship to China than say the same about Germany (32%). But among older Americans, more say the relationship with Germany is more important than the relationship with
respondents were interviewed on a landline telephone, and 333 were interviewed on a cell phone, including 141 who had no landline telephone). Both the landline and cell phone samples were provided by Survey Sampling International. Interviews were conducted in English. The combined landline and cell phone sample are weighted using an iterative technique that matches gender, age, education, race, Hispanic origin, region, and population density to parameters from the March 2009 Census Bureau’s Current Population Survey. The sample is also weighted to match current patterns of telephone status based on extrapolations from the 2009 National Health Interview Survey.
this is down from the 94% Obama registered in 2015). Trump also gets mostly positive ratings in sub-Saharan Africa, as did both Obama and former President George W. Bush. Russia, Israel and Vietnam also have confidence in Trump’s ability to handle international
military spending at current levels, while 40% say deficit reduction is more important. Views of tradeoffs between government spending and deficit reduction are divided along partisan lines, and the differences are especially pronounced when it comes to programs that aid the poor and needy. Fully 84% of Democrats say it is more important to keep current spending levels for these programs than to reduce the deficit. A majority of Republicans (55%) say cutting the deficit is more important
be better a year from now, up from 34% last month and 28% in December. Moreover, 54% say either that the economy is already recovering (25%) or that it will recover soon (29%). Last April, 44% said a recovery was already underway or would occur soon. Yet the public’s improved economic outlook is tempered by a
in religious leaders to act in the best interest of the public. White evangelical Protestants are particularly likely to say they are confident in religious leaders (78% have
recently, 63% of Americans named a Democrat while just 16% named a GOP candidate. This pattern of greater visibility for the Democrats extends back to March when nearly the same proportions as today named Democrats (62%) in greater number than Republicans (7%). Even among Republicans themselves the pattern stands. Last week, 51%
little about gene editing were more inclined to want gene modifications to reduce their child’s risk of serious diseases. But whether that pattern foretells the
there are other countries better than the U.S.; only 13% of conservative and moderate Democrats say the same. As has been the case in past Pew
were not familiar enough with Francis to rate him. Among white Protestants there are varying levels of support for Francis. About six-in-ten
to continue to rise until it peaks at 55 in 2065. It is expected to be lower in 2100 (54). By that time, the country with the highest median age is expected to be Albania, with a median age of 61. Correction: This post has been updated to clarify that India is
that Pew Research Center has polled in Russia. Trust in the Russian leader has remained high since an increase in 2014, shortly after the
they have a favorable view of Congress, relatively unchanged in recent months. Obama’s job approval rating is little changed over the first half of 2015, with Americans about equally likely to say they approve of his performance (48%) as disapprove (45%). Currently, about eight-in-ten Republicans (82%) disapprove of Obama’s performance, while views among independents remain mixed (48% disapprove, 44% approve). Obama continues to receive positive ratings from about eight-in-ten Democrats (79% approve, 16% disapprove). Ratings of Obama among partisans and independents are relatively unchanged over the last year.
the government’s ability to borrow; 32% say their finances would not be affected. More specifically, 45% are worried that a failure to meet the Aug. 2 deadline would harm their investments and retirement savings, and 46% are worried that they might lose
global climate change (14%) should be top priorities for the country. By contrast, 57% of Democrats say gun policy should be a top priority, while 55% say the same about global climate change. Other issues that Democrats give greater priority than Republicans include protecting the environment (61% vs. 26%), improving the educational system (76% vs. 47%), dealing with the problems of poor and needy people (63% vs. 34%), reforming the criminal justice system (49% vs. 32%) and improving the job situation (68% vs. 53%). Republicans and Democrats are about equally likely to say strengthening the economy, securing Social Security, reducing health care costs and reducing crime should be top priorities for the country. Republicans are much more likely than Democrats
make sure all Americans have health insurance coverage. The share of Democratic leaners saying the government has a responsibility to provide health coverage for all has ticked up since 2014 (67%). Aside from the partisan divisions over the law, there continue to be wide racial and age differences in opinions about the ACA. Whites disapprove of the law
and older, but most of the gaps are smaller than those seen within the younger cohort. Views on the negative impact of social media vary only slightly between social media users (63%) and non-users (69%), with non-users being slightly more likely to say these sites have a negative impact. However, among social media users, those who say some or a lot of what they see on social media is related to politics
Demographic divides in views of U.S. responsibility to admit refugees Partisanship and ideology are major factors in opinion about whether the U.S.
campaign, the large number of refugees leaving Iraq and Syria is especially worrisome. More than eight-in-ten GOP voters who support Trump (85%) say the refugees are a major threat to the U.S., compared with 74% of those who prefer Cruz and 59% who prefer Kasich. Among Trump supporters, only the threat from ISIS (93% major threat) ranks higher than refugees, among the eight issues included. Among Democratic voters, just 40% of Clinton supporters and 34% of Sanders supporters view the refugee migration as a major threat. On other international issues that have emerged in the 2016 campaign – including views of
friend said they voted for Trump and saying it would not have any effect (51%). Far more conservative and moderate Democrats say a friend voting for Trump would not have any effect (73%) than say it would put a strain on the friendship (25%). Despite their political differences, most Republicans and Democrats stop short of
protect the environment, 30% say it is doing the right amount and 5% say it is doing too much. Political groups have starkly different reactions to the Trump administration’s actions on the environment. Among Republicans and those who lean Republican, about two-thirds (65%) say the Trump administration is doing the right amount, while only one-in-five (20%) say the administration is doing too little. But among Democrats and Democratic leaners, the balance of opinion is the opposite: Only 8% believe the
15% say they sympathize with neither side, both sides or do not offer a view. Democrats are divided – 33% sympathize more with Israel, 31% more with the Palestinians, while 35% sympathize with neither, both or don’t express an opinion. While Republicans’ views of the Mideast conflict have changed little over the last few years, the share of Democrats sympathizing more with Israel has fallen 10 points since April 2016, when 43% said they sympathized more with Israel. A partisan gap is seen in other attitudes about the Mideast conflict as well: Most Democrats (60%) say a way can be found for Israel and an independent Palestinian state to
in support for the decision to go to war has occurred despite a dramatically improved perception of
what they hear, perceive and know about the 2020 U.S. presidential election. Liberal Democrats are more likely than moderate or conservative Democrats to say they are very concerned about the influence
Research survey asked: “Which of these three statements about the earth’s temperature comes closest to your view? The earth is getting warmer mostly because of human activity such as burning fossil fuels, or the earth is getting warmer mostly because of natural patterns in the earth’s environment or there is no solid evidence that the earth is getting warmer? When asked to pick among
the national economy, the Affordable Care Act, and the president’s job performance accurately predict congressional voting intentions. For example, in the most recent Pew Research survey, these
Obama nor Bush had quite the combination of overall and strong support as their predecessor Bill
story. People with higher household incomes paid the closest attention to stock market news: 46% of those with annual household incomes of $75,000 or higher paid very close attention to news about the stock market. While the stimulus plan was aimed in large part
and that remains the case today. Nearly nine-in-ten CFR members (88%) say that free trade agreements and the policies of the WTO are good for the country, which is little changed from previous America’s Place in the World surveys. The public expresses more negative opinions about the specific impact of free trade agreements on jobs, economic growth and wages. Still, somewhat smaller percentages say that free trade agreements lead to job losses (53%), lower wages (49%) and slower economic growth (42%) than did so in April 2008 (61%, 56% and 50%, respectively). The survey also finds substantial differences between the public and CFR members over anti-terrorism strategies
of conservative Republicans and gun owners who prioritized protecting gun rights. A quarter of those who prioritized gun rights said they had given money to an organization taking a position on
of the job Trump has done so far explaining his plans and policies for the future. By 62% t0 33%, more women disapprove than approve of the job Trump has done. Among men, about as many say they approve of how Trump has outlined his plans (46%) as disapprove (48%). By more than two-to-one, blacks (69%-25%) and Hispanics (68%-27%) say they disapprove
voters view the 2016 contest as extraordinarily negative. Fully 92% say there was more “mudslinging” or negative campaigning than in past elections – which is 20 percentage points higher than the previous high (72% after the 2004 election). And while a large majority of voters (81%) feel they learned enough about the candidates to make an informed choice, a record 73% say that there was less
should end. In a Pew Research Center survey conducted in summer 2015, prior to Trump’s presidential campaign, six-in-ten Americans opposed the idea of changing the
with injury-related ER visits in the July 1-8 period, but was the 25th-most-frequently cited for all of 2018. Still, only about 10% of the year’s swimming-related injuries happened between July 1 and July 8.
with 49% in 2002), and the number of white mainline Protestants intending to vote Republican is down six points (from 48% in 2002 to 42% now). White evangelical Protestants continue to be among the most loyal supporters of the Republican Party,
important but not essential. Those with the highest levels of education are the most likely to say this will be essential. About a third of workers (35%) say they do not currently have the education and training they need to get ahead.
to do the right thing when it comes to world affairs – a high since the Center first asked the question. Just 22% say they have faith in the Chinese leader, down 15 percentage points since last year. The drop in confidence from 2019 to 2020 is especially notable. While views of Xi have been fairly stable for the past few years, remaining within a 10 percentage point range, in just the last year the percentage saying they lack confidence in him has increased by 21 points. This shift occurred among both Republicans and Democrats, as well as among older and younger Americans. And while the U.S. president’s rhetoric toward China’s leadership during the outbreak has fluctuated in tone, the American public’s attitudes remained fairly stable over the course of this survey. As with views of
in Trump as nonsupporters (7%). Backers of the Alternative for Germany party (AfD) are almost seven times as likely non-backers to trust that Trump will do the right thing in world affairs (34% vs. 5%, respectively). The survey also asked about confidence in five other world leaders: German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Emmanuel Macron, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping. Trump is the least trusted among these six leaders. Xi also receives relatively negative ratings across the board. Confidence in the Chinese president is particularly low in Japan (9%), where people are more likely to trust Trump than Xi. About three-in-ten in the Netherlands trust Xi, the highest share among the countries surveyed. Confidence in Xi has also decreased since the previous year in 10 countries. A median of 23% trust
the same. In this survey, cellphone owners are asked to think about the most recent social gathering they attended and what they did with their cellphone while they were in the physical presence of others. Fully 89% said that they themselves used their phone during their most recent time with others, and 86% report that someone else in the group used their cellphone during the
those who say it is very important that the tone of political debate is respectful, attitudes on political correctness are split. Equal shares say
cooperation than they are today, though the size of the partisan gap in views was nearly identical to today. A few days before Obama first took office, a 59% majority of Democrats expected greater cooperation, while just 31% expected more tension. At that time, 51% of Republicans expected more bickering while 36% anticipated greater cooperation. The public continues to express favorable views of many federal agencies and departments. All 10 agencies and departments in the survey are viewed more favorably than unfavorably. But the U.S. Postal Service receives the highest marks: 86% view it favorably, while just 11% view it unfavorably. The FBI, CIA, and Department of Justice remain popular with the public. About seven-in-ten (69%) say they have a favorable view of the FBI and roughly six-in-ten view the CIA (62%) and the Justice Department (61%) favorably. Views of the FBI are little changed
excellent or good. At this point in the campaign in 2007, fully 62% of conservative and moderate Democratic registered voters had positive assessments of the Democratic field. Liberal Democrats have typically been more likely than their conservative and moderate counterparts to say that the field of candidates running for their party’s nomination is excellent or good. However, the 26-percentage point gap between the positive assessments of liberal Democratic registered voters (71%) and conservative and moderate Democratic registered voters (45%) is the widest it has been in recent election cycles. Seven-in-ten (70%) conservative Republican and Republican-leaning registered voters say the field of candidates running for their party’s nomination are excellent or good. A smaller majority (56%) of moderate and liberal Republican registered voters also offer a positive assessment. Both conservative and more moderate Republicans are more satisfied with their party’s field of candidates than they were