of married adults cite finances and 10 % cite convenience as major reasons why they decided to get married . Among both married and cohabiting adults , love and companionship top the list of reasons why they decided to get married or to move in with their partner . Nine - in - ten married adults and 73 % of cohabiting adults say love was a major factor in their decision . About two - thirds of married adults and 61 % of cohabiting adults cite companions
they feel about them . Support for the goals of the science marches is divided by political party . Republicans and Republican leaners oppose the goals of the science marches by a 47%-25 % margin ; some 29 % are undecided about their views . Democrats and Democratic leaners support the goals of the marches by a 68%-14 % margin , with 18 % undecided . People who have heard about the recent science marches are largely supportive of the protesters ’ goals . Those who have heard at least a little about the recent science marches support the goals of the science marchers by a margin of 61 % to
this way . ( See “ Even in Era of Disillusionment , Many Around the World Say Ordinary Citizens Can Influence the Government ” for more on political participation around the world . ) Education in South Africa . Following a year that has included a number of high - profile university - based protests of tuition fees , education is clearly a major issue for the South African public . The percentage naming poor - quality schools as a very big problem has increased 13 percentage points
and 8 % named community newsletters or Listservs . In all , 64 % of U.S. adults named at least one of these local information sources as a major source for coronavirus news . Americans also see local news outlets as more credible sources of COVID-19 information than the news media in general . In a survey conducted June 4 - 10 , half of U.S. adults said their local news media get the facts right about the
( 54 % ) say the opposite . Still , in some countries , evaluations of how the internet affects morality have improved since 2014 . In Ghana today , 42 % think that growing internet use has a positive effect on morality – up from 29 % in 2014 . Favorable assessments of the internet ’s impact on economics and politics have risen even more over the same time period . For example , in 2017 , around two - thirds of Nigerians ( 64 % ) said the increasing use of the internet had a positive influence on their country ’s politics , compared with just 43 % in 2014 . Generally , internet users –
( 76 % ) say news organizations are politically biased , a view shared by 54 % of Democrats . In 2007 , 70 % of Republicans but only 39 % of Democrats said the press was politically biased . Views on this question among independents have changed little ( 63 % now , 61 % in 2007 ) . Four years ago , Republicans were much more likely than Democrats to view the news media as too critical of America ( 63 % vs. 23 % ) .
story of the week . The public ’s interest in economic news remains moderate and has not grown in recent months . Roughly a quarter of the public ( 27 % ) paid very close attention to economic news last week and 16 % listed this as the story they followed most closely . In other news last week , the public paid relatively little attention to tropical storm Noel ( which was later upgraded to a hurricane ) . Just one - in - ten ( 11 % ) followed news
2011 - 12 ) , military technologies and applied sciences ( 86 ) and precision production ( 37 ) . 3   It ’s harder for new graduates to find good jobs .   It ’s no secret that unemployment among recent grads remains higher than it was before the Great Recession . But in a recent report , the Federal Reserve Bank of New York went deeper and looked at   underemployment among recent grads ( defined as people aged
higher than in last year ’s survey . The decline in favorable opinions of the U.S. across the region was most pronounced in Mexico : About two - thirds of Mexicans ( 66 % ) approved of the U.S. in 2015 , but that share had fallen 36 points by 2017 . As is the case in much of the world , relatively few people in Latin America express confidence in Trump ’s leadership on the global stage . A median of 77 % in Latin America said in the 2017 survey that they have no confidence in the U.S. president to
political typology survey , conducted Jan. 23 - Mar. 16 , 2014 , 57 % said an over - reliance on military force creates more hatred leading to increased terrorism , while fewer ( 37 % ) said that overwhelming military force is the best way to defeat global terrorism . There is a wide and growing partisan divide in these attitudes : Today , 74 % of Republicans say the best way to defeat global terrorism is with “ overwhelming force , ” up
29 year - olds have a positive view , up from 56 % two years ago . More than six - in - ten ( 65 % ) of those ages 30 - 49 have a favorable opinion , up steeply from 46 % in 2007 . Older Americans are more lukewarm – 54 % have a positive impression of the U.N. , a
29 % in 2014 . Favorable assessments of the internet ’s impact on economics and politics have risen even more over the same time period . For example , in 2017 , around two - thirds of Nigerians ( 64 % ) said the increasing use of the internet had a positive influence on their country ’s politics , compared with just 43 % in 2014 . Generally , internet users –
unfavorable view . Opinions of unions have recovered from lows reached in 2010 and 2011 . Public views of business corporations have followed a similar trajectory . Currently , 48 % have a favorable impression of business corporations , compared with 43 % who have an unfavorable opinion . While the public expresses mixed views of unions overall , majorities of Americans say many different types of employees in specific sectors should be able to unionize . Among the six sectors tested in the survey , support for workers ’ ability to form a union is highest for factory and manufacturing workers : 82 % say these workers should be
their true share of the population . For the telephone surveys that Pew Research Center conducts , the process is a little more complicated ( in order to account for things like cellphones and the fact that not everyone responds to surveys ) , but usually we want all adults to have an equal chance of being selected into the sample . This works very well if you are interested in the overall population ,
on speaking Spanish and Hispanic identity differ , though majorities of all key subgroups say speaking Spanish is n’t necessary to be considered Hispanic . For example , 58 % of immigrant Hispanics say speaking Spanish is n’t a necessary component of Latino identity , as do 87 % of U.S.-born Hispanics . The 2015 survey of Latino adults also shows that among Hispanic registered voters , 81 % say speaking Spanish is not required to be considered Hispanic . While language use differs among
better job in tomorrow ’s debate , but they are less uniformly certain about how Obama will do . Two weeks ago , fully 89 % of Democratic voters said they expected Obama to do the better job . That has slipped to 75 % of Democrats going into the second debate , as the percentage who do not choose either candidate has about doubled ( from 7 % to 16 % ) . Despite controversy over massive spending by outside groups in the 2012 race , relatively few voters think either candidate has been too personally critical of his opponent . Just 37 % say that Romney has been too personally critical
at home and abroad . Currently , 29 % cite terrorism ( 18 % ) , national security ( 8 % ) or ISIS ( 7 % ) as the most important problem facing the country today . One year ago , just 4 % of the public cited any of these issues . And while ISIS already ranked high among leading international dangers , 83 % now regard ISIS as a major threat to the well - being of the U.S. , up from 67 % in August 2014 . Public concerns that anti
$ 30,000 in debt , compared with 12 % of public - college graduates and a remarkable 57 % of graduates of private , for - profit schools . According to the College Board , loans from all sources accounted for 40.4 % of the $ 191.8 billion spent on financing undergraduate education in 2011 - 12 . Grants from all sources accounted for 50.6 % , with education tax benefits and work - study making up the rest . The College Board figures exclude
site . But certain online platforms , most notably Instagram and Snapchat , have an especially strong following among young adults . As was true in previous surveys of social media use by the Center , there are substantial age - related differences in platform use . This is especially true of Instagram and Snapchat , which are used by 67 % and 62 % of 18- to 29 - year - olds , respectively
students become successful writers and learners
, more than half ( 55 % ) of Democrats and those who lean Democratic say they have heard at least a little about the conspiracy theories , compared with 39 % of Republicans . The same U.S. adults were sampled for the March survey and September survey . This raises the possibility that some of the increase in QAnon awareness is attributable to re - asking the same people . Americans with high political knowledge are more likely than others to have heard of the conspiracy theories . Within both parties , political knowledge correlates closely with awareness of these theories . Among Democrats , those with high political knowledge are more than
62 % of Democrats and 57 % of independents say the campaign is too negative , while only 47 % of Republicans agree . Changing sentiments about the tone of the campaign coincide with a dramatic increase in the percentage of Americans who have seen the presidential candidates ’ television commercials in recent weeks . Fully 80 % say they have seen a television commercial on behalf of Barack Obama ’s candidacy recently and nearly as many ( 76 % ) report having seen a commercial on behalf
released November 2 , 2009 . ) Large majorities in all three nations believe that elites have prospered over the last two decades , while average citizens have not . In Ukraine , for instance , 95 % think politicians have benefited a great deal or a fair amount from the changes since 1991 , and 76 % say this about business owners . However , just 11 % believe ordinary people have benefited . The fall 2009 survey further highlighted the extent to which these publics are disillusioned with their political leadership . Few believed politicians listened to them or that politicians governed with the interests of the people in mind
May 30 , 2010 . For more information about these surveys , please see the Methodology section at the end of this report . Eighty - five percent of Americans age 18 and older own a cell phone , making it by far the most popular device among adults . Mobile phones are especially popular with adults under the age of 66 , although the largest drop - off is for adults in the oldest generation ( those age 75 and older ) , of whom 48 % own
which was about 14 % . Countries with lower pay gaps include New Zealand and Belgium ; these nations also provide little by way of paid time off for new parents . Countries with higher pay gaps include The Czech Republic and Austria , both of which offer new parents about 10 months of paid parental leave ( this figure does not reflect unpaid leave , or paid maternity or paternity leave ) .   The U.S. has no national paid family leave policy , though a bill was recently introduced
Skeptic Republicans , sharply diverges from the GOP ’s traditional support for business and lower taxes . Only about a third of Market Skeptic Republicans ( 34 % ) say banks and other financial institutions have a positive effect on the way things are going in the country , lowest among Republican - leaning typology groups . Alone among the groups in the GOP coalition , a majority of Market Skeptic Republicans support raising
the growing gender parity
up 2 % of coverage . More than two - in - ten ( 22 % ) say they followed news about this year ’s congressional elections very closely . This was the most closely followed news for 8 % and accounted for 12 % of coverage . Some 16 % say they followed the debate in Washington over competing Democratic and Republican tax plans very closely ; 3 % say this was the news they followed most closely . News about the tax plans made up 4 % of coverage . In its overall analysis , PEJ included news about the tax debate with news about the economic crisis in general , a topic that accounted for 17 % of coverage
public confidence in Trump
the Gulf oil leak was once again the public ’s top news story : 42 % say it is the story they followed most closely this week ; news about the economy was a distant second , cited by just 16 % . News coverage about the leak also has dropped off in recent weeks . The leak accounted for 11 % of this week ’s newshole according to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ) . By
express trust in him ( although this is down from the 94 % Obama registered in 2015 ) .   Trump also gets mostly positive ratings in sub - Saharan Africa , as did both Obama and former President George W. Bush .   Russia , Israel and Vietnam also have confidence in Trump ’s ability to handle international relations . 3Trump ’s ratings in Western Europe look a lot like Bush ’s at the end of his tenure . While Obama was very popular in Western Europe , his presidency
for wealthy Americans .
HIV in South Africa . Explore attitudes in countries around the world with our Global Views of Morality interactive .
sillusioned . In addition to their mixed views on democracy , many Turks are dissatisfied with the direction of their country . Turks name rising prices , crime and inequality as the problems they worry about most . And as far as trust in national institutions , the military is the only one that Turks say has a good influence on the country . Views of the police , national government , religious leaders and the courts are mixed , while views
prefer that schools focus on teaching creative and independent thinking while those on the right tend to value academic skills and discipline more . The gap is especially large in the United States , where liberals ( 67 % ) are twice as likely as conservatives ( 33 % ) to favor education that emphasizes independent thinking . 3Younger people in most advanced economies are the most supportive of education that emphasizes creative and independent thinking . The difference is largest in France , where 53 % of those ages 18 to 34 say creative education is more important than teaching basic skills , compared with 29 % of those 50 and older . In the U.S. ,
the 1.75 million businesses in the survey sample responded . Women - owned firms made up sizable shares of some industries . For example , more than half of all firms in the health care / social assistance and educational services   industries were owned by women in 2012 . Women also owned more than half of the businesses in the miscellaneous “ other services ” category . But women - owned firms did n’t earn   a proportionate share of industry revenues . ( The analysis is complicated by the fact that   well
Public interest in the story remained unchanged from the previous week : 25 % followed the Iraq policy debate very closely and 9 % said this was the story they followed most closely . Roughly a quarter of the public ( 24 % ) paid very close attention to news about the 2008 presidential campaign and 10 % listed this as their top news story of the week . Democrats continued to follow campaign news more closely than Republicans . Coverage of the campaign comprised 9 % of the national newshole , making it the third most heavily covered news story of the week . There was relatively little public interest in President Bush ’s nomination of Michael Mukasey as attorney
to 33 % , and that margin has held relatively steady over the course of the year . But so far , any potential damage to Obama has been mitigated by three factors . First , the decline in youth engagement is not limited to Obama supporters . In fact , the dropoff is at least as steep among young voters who intend to vote Republican . Second , other segments of Obama ’s electoral base – notably African Americans – remain
in K-12 schools ( 69 % ) ; just 26 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners favor each of these proposals . Democrats also largely oppose proposals to shorten waiting periods for those who want to buy guns legally ( 25 % favor , 74 % oppose ) , while Republicans are divided ( 51 % favor , 48 % oppose ) . There is little support in either party for allowing concealed carry without a permit , though the proposal finds more support among the GOP ( 30 % ) than Democrats ( 10 % ) . Partisan divisions over gun policy proposals may reflect contrasting views among Republicans and Democrats on gun violence in the country today and on the impact
digital news video consumption is growing with it . Almost two - thirds of U.S. adults now watch videos online and more than half of those ( 36 % ) watch news videos . This is up from 40 % of U.S. adults who watched or downloaded any kind of video in 2007 and 26 % who watched or downloaded news videos . 31Younger adult Americans consume more digital video and digital news video than older ones . Nearly half of adults ages 18
% ) . Meanwhile
understand the law . Another cause of low enrollment may be fear of federal authorities among U.S. citizens and residents with family members who are unauthorized immigrants . In some respects , Hispanics might seem to be natural supporters of the president ’s health care law . Most Hispanics ( 61 % ) say it is the government ’s responsibility to make sure all Americans have health coverage , compared with 47 % of the public overall who say this . Some 29 % of Hispanics do n’t
and older Pakistanis on views of the Taliban and al Qaeda . Only a quarter ( 25 % ) of those under the age of 50 said they had a favorable opinion of the Taliban , while more than one - third ( 36 % ) of those 50 and older expressed a favorable sentiment . Similarly , Pakistanis under 50 were less likely than those in the 50 - plus age category to express a favorable view of al Qaeda ( 23 % vs. 31 % ) . One of the Taliban ’s most notorious tactics in the Swat Valley has been the destruction of schools for girls . On this issue
. Though a 56 % majority says
young people are at least as supportive of the war as those in other age groups , they are also more likely to support efforts to secure peaceful resolutions through diplomacy and multilateral approaches as well as humanitarian interventions abroad . Americans under age 30 also give priority to domestic concerns over foreign policy in matters of governance . The generation gap in attitudes toward using force in Iraq was greater in the months leading up to the war . A Pew Research Center commentary analyzing data from August through September of 2002 found solid majorities in every age cohort between 18 and 64 – including 69 % of those under age 30 – in
, well - educated and English speakers use the internet more frequently . The internet is not pervasive everywhere . In fact , less than half of people in 19 of the 32 countries surveyed say they access the internet at least occasionally or own a smartphone . But young people ( 18 - 34 years old ) , the better educated ( secondary or more education ) and those who have at least some ability to read and speak English are consistently much more likely than others to be online . 3Across the emerging and developing countries , national income is strongly associated with higher internet access rates . Richer countries in terms of gross
toward American ways of
66 % of Democratic men ) . Among all Americans , women college graduates stand out for their belief that the reports of sexual harassment represent widespread problems in society . An 86 % majority of women who have at least a four - year degree express this view – higher than the shares of male college graduates ( 67 % ) and women and men with lower levels of education . The recent flood of reports about sexual harassment and violence by high - profile men
public say the same . ) More than 29 million Hispanics are eligible to vote , a new high , up 4 million from 2014 . ( Eligible voters are U.S. citizens ages 18 years and older . ) However , Hispanic voter turnout has long trailed that of other groups . In 2014 , an estimated 27 % of Hispanic eligible voters cast a ballot , a record low and far below the turnout rate among black voters ( 41 % )
for pay at all (
, the Japanese overwhelmingly reject a more robust military role for their country in the Asia - Pacific region . There is little support for more military spending , and the Japanese oppose using overwhelming military force to defeat terrorism . Moreover , the Japanese , like Europeans and Americans , are exclusionary in their view of national identity . For a person to be considered truly Japanese , around nine - in - ten believe that a person has to speak Japanese and share Japanese customs and traditions ; nearly eight - in - ten
49 % have a favorable view , down from 64 % at the end of Barack Obama ’s presidency . 3About four - in - ten Americans say they live in a gun - owning household , while three - in - ten say they personally own a gun . Protection tops the list of reasons for owning a gun . And most gun owners ( 74 % ) say the right to own a firearm is essential to their personal sense of freedom
will be worse .
of internet users access on a typical day ) and search engines ( which 59 % use on a typical day ) are used more frequently than social networking tools.2 Among internet users , social networking sites are most popular with women and young adults under age 30 . Young adult women ages 18 - 29 are the power users of social networking ; fully 89 % of those who are online use the sites overall and 69 % do so on an average day . As of May 2011 , there are no significant differences in use of social networking sites based on race and ethnicity , household income , education level , or whether the internet user lives in an urban
30 % of Democratic voters called themselves liberal , while more than twice as many ( 66 % ) described themselves as moderate or conservative . The subset of Democratic voters who describe their views as very liberal has similarly increased since 2000 , though they remain a relatively small group within the party . In 2000 , just 6 % of Democratic and Democratic - leaning registered voters said their political views were very liberal . By 2019 , 15 % of Democrats described their views this way . White Democrats remain more likely than black or Hispanic Democrats to
responsibility for housework and child rearing is more satisfying . At this fall ’s pre - conference session specifically for Mormon women , participants were urged to defend the church ’s teachings on marriage , family and sexuality . 2While nearly all Mormons consider themselves Christian ( 97 % ) , only about half ( 51 % ) of U.S. adults say Mormonism is a Christian religion , according to a 2012 Pew Research Center report .
the increase in Latino eligible voters during this time . 2Among Latino registered voters who are “ absolutely certain ” they will vote , one - in - five will be voting for the first time , according to Pew Research Center ’s National Survey of Latinos , published this month . Among Millennial voters , 36 % say they will be casting a ballot for the first time , compared with 9 % of non - Millennial voters ages 36 and older . 3
, while 54 % have an unfavor
was a cell phone . Cell phones were the most popular device in April 2012 , followed by laptops , desktop computers , tablets , and e - readers . At that time : The typical ( median ) American owned two of the above devices and 17 % said they only owned one of these devices . Some 77 % of single - device owners said their one device was a cell phone . Another 17 % of those with one device said it was a desktop , while 6 % said it was a laptop . Fewer than 1 % of these one - device owners said their only device was an e - reader
a lot about this . College graduates are more likely than those without a college degree to say they heard a lot about the British elections ( 24 % versus 6 % ) . These findings are based on the most recent installment of the weekly News Interest Index , an ongoing project of the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press . The index , building on the Center ’s longstanding research into public attentiveness to major news stories , examines news interest as it relates to the news media ’s coverage . The weekly survey is conducted in conjunction with The Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index
media tend to favor one
woman living together romantically without being married , and a same - sex couple living together . 2The survey finds that the share of Americans with some connection to Catholicism approaches half of the country ’s adults – 45 % . This includes 20 % who identify their religion as Catholic . Another 9 % are categorized by the survey as “ cultural Catholics ” – those whose primary religious identity is not Catholic (
her background . In general , extensive Washington experience appears to be a less attractive attribute for a presidential candidate than it once was . At about this point in the 2008 campaign , 35 % said they would be more likely to support a candidate who has been an elected official in Washington for many years , while 15 % would be less likely ; 45 % said extensive Washington experience would n’t matter . But by last year , those views had changed . More
that same - sex marriage ranks at the bottom of the list of issues in this year ’s congressional elections . Not surprisingly , far more voters are saying the economy and jobs will be very important to their vote this year . The public continues to be far more supportive of gays and lesbians serving openly in the military than of allowing legal same - sex marriages . This year , 60 % say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to serve openly in the military , while 30 % oppose this . Support for gays serving openly in the military has remained fairly stable over
views of police officers are consistent with previous Pew Research Center findings that blacks are less likely than whites to express confidence in the police in their communities . Views of police officers also differ substantially across age groups . About half ( 48 % ) of adults younger than 30 give a warm rating to law enforcement , 22 % are neutral and another 29 % are cold in their assessments . By comparison , 80 % of adults ages 65 and older rate police officers warmly , including 61
% ) of online economic users said they had done so . Listening to music and watching online videos are among the most common of the activities we evaluated ; roughly half of all online economic users have done each of these activities to relax . Approximately one - third of online economic users have played online games or chatted with friends ( on a social networking site , listserv or other online group ) , while an additional 22 % have taken their minds off of their economic or financial circumstances by creating or posting content online . The youngest online economic users ( those ages 18 - 29 ) are significantly more likely
rate jobs and the economy as extremely important . This report is based on a nationally representative bilingual telephone survey of 1,765 Latino adults with a margin of error of 3.2 percentage points at the 95 % confidence level . The survey was fielded from September 7 to October 4 , 2012 , largely before the first presidential debate , which occurred on October 3 , 2012 . For a full description of the survey methodology , see Appendix
the same in 2012 . And when asked which political party has more concern for Latinos , 50 % say the Democrats , down from 61 % who said the same in 2012 . Meanwhile , Republicans have made some progress among Hispanic voters . About one - quarter ( 27 % ) today say they identify with or lean toward the Republican Party . In 2012 , 22 % said the same . But Republican Party gains among Hispanic registered voters in terms of party identification do not extend to Hispanic voters ’ views of the party .
in Trump ’s decision - making . Overall , 65 % say they think Trump ’s approach to making important decisions will be about right ; roughly a quarter ( 28 % ) say he ’ll be too impulsive . Conservative Republicans ( 74 % ) are more likely than moderate and liberal Republicans ( 51 % ) to say they think Trump ’s decision - making will be about right . By contrast , Democrats overwhelmingly say that Trump will be too impulsive in making important decisions : 84 % say this , compared with just 9 % who think his approach will
the same period in 2015 . Note : A sentence in this post on FAA rules was updated on Jan. 4 , 2018 , to reflect recent congressional action . See full topline results and methodology here ( PDF ) .
that they engage in this work to help fill gaps or fluctuations in their other income . Meanwhile , around one - in - five say they are also motivated by a desire to gain work experience ( 19 % ) or because of a lack of other jobs in their area ( 17 % ) , while 15 % cite the need to control their own schedule due to other obligations . Second , those who take on gig work for this reason engage in a wide range of jobs and
generations : Just 27 % now say it has a positive impact , compared with 26 % of Xers and Silents and 23 % of Boomers . Younger generations tend to have more - positive views than their elders about small and large businesses as well as financial institutions and labor unions . Views of each of these institutions have grown more favorable over the past five years . Banks and financial institutions continue to be
of newsroom employees ages 18 to 49 , and they represent 85 % among those 50 and older . These shares are lower among workers overall . When it comes to gender , however , younger newsroom employees look like U.S. employees overall . Newsroom employees ages 18 to 29 are just as likely as workers overall to be men ( 51 % in both groups ) . Among older workers , newsroom employees are disproportionately male : About two -
as family members . While about two - thirds of non - Muslim French people ( 66 % ) say they would accept a Muslim in their family , just over half of British ( 53 % ) , Austrian ( 54 % ) and German ( 55 % ) adults say this . Italians are the least likely in Europe to say they would be willing to accept a Muslim family member ( 43 % ) . Surveys in both the U.S. and Western Europe were conducted on the telephone , and due to the tendency of some respondents to give socially acceptable
income households during this period . The nation ’s gross domestic product ( GDP ) per capita did not return to its pre - recession peak ( near the end of 2007 ) until the latter half of 2013 . Likewise , the median income of U.S. households took until 2016 to return to where it stood prior to the start of the Great Recession in December 2007 . The share of adults who are middle class varies widely across U.S. metropolitan areas . The estimated share
% did so after their most recent encounter , compared
among Millennials hovered near 50 % , compared with the roughly 35 % of Silents who approved of Obama . Over the past year , Obama ’s ratings among Millennials have risen , while the ratings of older generations ( particularly Boomers and Silents ) are little changed . When it comes to education level , the president enjoys substantially more support from those with college degrees , and particularly those with postgraduate degrees . Today , 62 % of those with postgraduate degrees approve of his job performance , along with 54 % of those with bachelor ’s degrees . Among adults with some college experience but no degree , 47 % approve , as do 49 % of those
opinion of the Postal Service , the National Park Service , NASA , the CDC and the Census Bureau . Democrats continue to view the IRS more favorably than Republicans do ( 59 % vs. 49 % ) . And while majorities of both Democrats and Republicans express positive views of the Social Security Administration and the Federal Reserve , Democrats are somewhat more likely than Republicans to rate these agencies positively . In contrast , Republicans are now more likely than
women are more educated than their male counterparts . As of 2010 , about a third ( 35 % ) of Saudi women ages 25 to 34 held at least postsecondary degrees , compared with 28 % of men , according to a Pew Research Center report . That ’s a big change from previous generations . For example , only 3 % of Saudi women ages 55 to 74 had gained higher education , versus 16 % of
conducted Jan. 4 - 9 among 1,502 adults . Older adults were far more likely than young people to view the large number of refugees from Iraq and Syria as a major threat . A majority of adults 50 and older ( 58 % ) viewed the large number of refugees from nations such as Iraq and Syria as a major threat , compared with 43 % of those ages 35 to 49 and just 31 % of those younger than 35 . About twice as many Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 63
while 40 % are unsure if most video games portray women poorly . Those who play video games themselves are more likely than non - game players to think positively about gaming : Game players are also particularly likely to disagree with negative portrayals
from September 11 to October 13 , 2014 and they said such foods were generally safe to eat by an 88%-11 % margin . The nearby chart of the data from the survey of the general public shows several patterns . Those more likely to think genetically modified food is unsafe include : women , African - Americans and Hispanics , and those without college degrees . There are no statistically significant differences on the safety of eating GM Foods
% of Democratic voters saw their vote as an expression of support for the president . Republicans are no more likely to consider their vote as “
21 percentage points between 2006 and 2016 . However , Chinese youth warmed to the U.S. over the same time period , with unfavorable views falling 12 points . In the U.S. , Republicans have consistently had more unfavorable views of China than Democrats . In the 2016 survey , for example , 63 % of Republicans held an unfavorable view of China , compared with 54 % of Democrats . But over the past decade ,
March 2014 , Media General announced plans to expand further by purchasing LIN Media . The merger was completed in December   2014 , bringing the Media General total to 71 stations in 48 markets . Gannett ranks second in revenue growth for this time period with a 97 % increase across its 46 stations . Only CBS and 21st Century Fox , which own 30 and 28 stations respectively saw their broadcast revenue flatten compared to the same period in the previous year . CBS said the previous year ’s revenue
characteristics are more likely than those who have heard nothing at all to say gene editing would be appropriate in each of the circumstances considered in this survey . A Pew Research Center survey in 2016 found a similar tendency for those who report familiarity with gene editing to express more interest in and acceptance of using these technologies to enhance a baby ’s health over the course of their lifetime . Although gene editing for babies is still in development , a separate April 2018 survey found that about half of Americans ( 52 % ) believe it is likely that within the next 50 years , we will be able to eliminate almost all birth defects by
either a great deal or fair amount . Even fewer ( 28 % ) expect Congressional Republicans to cooperate with Obama . A November Pew Research Center survey found that this may be just fine with some partisans , many of whom expressed a desire for their side to stand up to their political opponents on issues , rather than work together and accept some concessions . After Democrats won control of Congress in 2006 , 48 % said Democratic leaders would cooperate at least a fair amount with former President George W. Bush – 20 points higher than the share saying that about Republicans today . And 52 % expected Bush to cooperate with the Democrats . The
the job situation has recovered at least somewhat from the recession , which is up 20 points from September 2013 . However , most ( 60 % ) see only a partial recovery in jobs : Just 7 % think that the job situation has fully recovered from the recession . And nearly a third ( 32 % ) thinks the job situation “ has hardly recovered at all . ” Similarly , more think household incomes have recovered than did so two years ago . But
a growing number see consumerism and commercialism as a threat to their culture . These are among the key findings from a Pew Research Center survey in China , which is based on face - to - face interviews conducted from April 15 to May 27 , 2015 , among a nationally representative sample of 3,649 randomly selected adults.1 Among the 15 issues included in this survey , nine are considered either a very big or moderately big problem by
compared with 62 % of girls . Overall , boys are much more likely than girls to make new friends while playing games online ( 57 % vs
centrifugal forces that are pulling European public opinion apart , separating the French from the Germans and the Germans from everyone else . The southern nations of Spain , Italy and Greece are becoming ever more estranged as evidenced by their frustration with Brussels , Berlin and the perceived unfairness of the
a good thing for the U.S. , including 11 % who say it has been very good . That compares with 74 % of Canadians who say the agreement has been good for Canada , including 20 % who say it has been very good . Among Mexicans , 60 % see NAFTA as being good for their country , including 10 % who hold that view strongly . These differences in views may , in part , reflect the fact that both Canada and Mexico run merchandise trade surpluses with the U.
downloading among Americans during the period between May and September 2003 . Data gathered through NPD ’s bi - monthly MusicLab survey , conducted among approximately 5,000 respondents aged 13 and older , showed a decrease of 20 % in the population who said they downloaded music from peer - to - peer services in May to 11 % who reported this in September . By November , NPD reported that the incidence of peer - to - peer downloading had ticked up to 12 % , still well below peak levels . Separate data gathered from NPD ’s MusicWatch service , which follows household usage of peer - to - peer
Afghanistan . But Republicans ( 67 % ) and Democrats ( 61 % ) are more optimistic about success than independents ( 51 % ) . Only 38 % says that it is likely Afghanistan will be able to maintain a stable government when U.S. military forces leave the country while 56 % say it is unlikely . In November 2009 the public was more optimistic about Iraq – 52 % said it was at least somewhat likely Iraq would be able to maintain a stable government after U.S. forces left . There are very little partisan
President Barack Obama : 29 % say Obama ’s elections in 2008 and 2012 were part of God ’s broader plan , but just 3 % say God chose him to be president because God approved of his policies . Among religious groups , white evangelical Protestants and black Protestants are more likely than others to say that recent presidential elections reflect God ’s will in some way : A majority of white evangelicals ( 56 % ) and roughly half of black Protestants (
( 78 % ) . Among Democrats , however , news interest plays a large role in whether they feel misunderstood . About a quarter of Democrats who are very interested in the news feel misunderstood ( 27 % ) , compared with about four - in - ten of the somewhat interested ( 39 % ) and roughly half of those not interested ( 52 % ) . Still , Democrats at all levels of news interest are much less likely than
the economy more closely than any other story . Somewhat fewer ( 23 % ) cited the presidential campaign as their top story . News about the presidential election – much of it focused on the final days of Herman Cain ’s bid for the Republican nomination – topped news coverage , accounting for 23 % of the newshole . News about the economy made up 17 % , according to the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ) . The survey was in the field on Dec. 3 when Cain announced he was suspending his campaign . And , in a week
from 44 % to 23 % . Notably , one - in - six Japanese ( 17 % ) say no apology is necessary . The Chinese see Tokyo ’s war - related penitence quite differently . Roughly three - quarters ( 77 % ) say Japan has not adequately expressed regret , and such Chinese sentiment is largely unchanged since 2006 . Only 10 % believe Tokyo has apologized enough . Sino - Japanese frictions are not only an issue of historical concern . In
since 2006 , from 43 % to 33 % . Still , about twice as many Republicans ( 33 % ) as Democrats ( 16 % ) support cutting legal immigration into the U.S. The new survey , which was largely conducted before the crisis at the U.S.-Mexico border involving immigrant children being separated from their parents , finds deep and persistent partisan divisions in a number of attitudes toward immigrants , as well as widespread misperceptions among the public overall about the share of the immigrant population in the U.S. that
been more good than bad . At the same time , their responses highlight an undercurrent of public unease about the technology industry and its broader role in society . When presented with several statements that might describe these firms , a 65 % majority of Americans feel the statement “ they often fail to anticipate how their products and services will impact society ” describes them well – while just 24 % think these firms “ do enough to protect the
the share of the public who say they are sometimes unable to afford food is alarmingly high . And while inequality is considered a major problem across the globe , Africans are especially concerned about this issue . But , by many measures the economic outlook is far more grim in other parts of the world . In particular , most Middle Eastern and European publics surveyed offer overwhelmingly gloomy assessments of their economic situations – less than 5 % describe economic conditions as good in Spain , Italy , and Greece –
including 7 % who say they agree with the GOP and 22 % who say they do n’t agree with either party . ( The same 2019 survey found that roughly a fifth to a third of Americans do n’t agree with their party on issues including policies to deal with the economy , health care and illegal immigration . ) Younger Republicans are less likely to stand with their party on abortion , with 56 % of Republicans under 50 saying they agree with the GOP , compared with 71 % of those ages 50 and older . Republicans who are religiously unaffiliated also are less likely
largest Hispanic population in the nation , behind California and Texas . It is also growing faster than Florida ’s population . Today 24 % of Floridians are Hispanic , up from 17 % in 2000 . Overall , 1.8 million Hispanics were registered to vote in Florida as of February 2016 , according to the state ’s Division of Elections . Among all Floridians , registered Democrats outnumber Republicans in 2016 . This is due in part to Hispanics ,
question people they suspect might be illegal immigrants . By contrast , just 44 % identified Charlie Crist of Florida as the Republican governor who announced last week that he would run for a seat in the U.S. Senate as an independent . For its part , the media devoted the bulk of coverage last week to these stories and the economy . The oil spill and the immigration debate each made up 16 % of
% say they think it will , according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey conducted Jan. 22 - 25 among 1,010 adults nationwide by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press . This is a reversal from the previous week ’s News Interest Index survey when 57 % said they thought legislation would pass this year , while 33 % said it would not . The Haiti earthquake and the Massachusetts election also received the most news coverage last week , according to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism . The earthquake aftermath
Age beliefs . However , atheists are much less likely to believe in any of the four New Age beliefs than agnostics and those who say their religion is “ nothing in particular . ” Just 22 % of atheists believe in at least one of four New Age beliefs , compared with 56 % of agnostics and eight - in - ten among those whose religion is “ nothing in particular . ” Americans who consider themselves to be
May 30 , 2010 . For more information about these surveys , please see the Methodology section at the end of this report . Eighty - five percent of Americans age 18 and older own a cell phone , making it by far the most popular device among adults . Mobile phones are especially popular with adults under the age of 66 , although the largest drop - off is for adults in the oldest generation ( those age 75 and older ) , of whom 48 % own
deeply about their privacy online but those sensitivities have been ill - served by technology companies that stand to profit from more widespread sharing and availability of personal information . Users may be more open with what they share because they do n’t adequately understand enough about how their data is stored and used . And just because they are comfortable posting some information publicly does not mean they have quietly surrendered all control over the information they choose to share online . Yet , social science researchers have long noted a major disconnect in attitudes and practices around information privacy online . When asked ,
have confidence in Trump to do the right thing in world affairs . The president gets his best reviews in the Philippines , where 69 % express trust in him ( although this is down from the 94 % Obama registered in 2015 ) .   Trump also gets mostly positive ratings in sub - Saharan Africa , as did both Obama and former President George W. Bush .   Russia , Israel and Vietnam also have confidence in Trump ’s ability to handle international relations . 3Trump ’s ratings in Western Europe look a lot like Bush ’s at the end of his tenure . While Obama was very popular in Western Europe , his presidency
( 42 % vs. 14 % ) . Officers also are more likely than employed Americans overall to say their jobs frequently make them feel frustrated , and they are somewhat less likely to say they feel fulfilled by their work . About half ( 51 % ) of officers say their job nearly always or often frustrates them , compared with 29 % of all workers . About four - in - ten officers ( 42 % ) say their work
it was mostly bad . There continue to be wide partisan differences in views of economic news . About two - thirds of Democrats ( 66 % ) describe economic news as a mix of good and bad , compared with 49 % of independents and 45 % of Republicans . More than half of Republicans ( 53 % ) say the news about the economy has been mostly bad , as do 44 % of independents and just 26 % of Democrats . Very few people ( 5 % ) continue to say the recent economic news has been mostly good . Since December 2008 , the proportion saying economic news is mostly good has remained
not subject to congressional oversight , though the program , which was created in 1947 , can be changed by a U.S. president . Here are some key facts about foreign college   graduates working in the U.S. under the Optional Practical Training program . 1The annual number of OPT approvals rose from 28,497 in fiscal 2008 to 136,617 in fiscal 2014 , a nearly fivefold increase . This growth happened after the Bush administration in 2008 extended the amount of time STEM graduates may work in the U.S. to a
are more likely to say that the COVID-19 outbreak is a major threat to their personal financial situation but not a major threat to their personal health . Just 6 % of those under age 30 say the coronavirus outbreak is a major threat to their personal health and not a major threat to their finances . By comparison , about a third ( 32 % ) say it is a major threat to their finances and not their health . Another 21 % say it is a major
compared with 21 % who cite Iraq . Tax cuts were a major point of contention between McCain and Romney . When Romney was asked why he had claimed McCain would follow a “ liberal Democratic course ” as president , Romney observed that McCain had twice voted against Bush ’s tax cuts . McCain responded with his own accusation about Romney ’s tax cutting bona fides . “ As I understand it , his record was that he raised taxes by
target extremists , while 42 % disapprove . The public ’s concerns about possible consequences from drone attacks also are little changed from two years ago . Overall , 48 % say they are very concerned that U.S. drone strikes endanger the lives of innocent civilians , while another 32 % say they are somewhat concerned about this . Earlier this year , two hostages , including one American , were killed by a U.S. drone strike targeting an al Qaeda compound along the Afghanistan - Pakistan border . The public expresses less concern over other
very big problem in their country . Indeed , sub - Saharan Africa made the least progress among all developing regions toward reducing extreme poverty since 1990 ( the reference date for the goals set in 2000 ) . Today , the percentage of people living on less than $ 1.25 a day in sub - Saharan Africa ( 41 % ) is more than twice as high as any other region ( such as Southern Asia ,
a fair amount of attention in recent years , especially after Shanghai students topped the rankings for math , science , and reading on the 2009 Program for International Student Assessment ( PISA ) exam . But apparently many Chinese believed the long
news , around half of non - payers ( 49 % ) point to the widespread availability of free content . 15The most active 10 % of adult Twitter users in the U.S. produce 80 % of all tweets sent by these users . The median adult user of the platform tweets just twice a month , but a small group tweets much more frequently , according to our April study .
( 25 % ) than blamed Mexico ( 15 % ) , while about half ( 51 % ) said the countries shared responsibility . Peña Nieto , whose election as president in 2012 marked the return to power of the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) after 12 years in the opposition , is generally viewed positively in Mexico ; 57 % say he is having a good influence on the way things are going in the country , while 38 % see his influence as bad . However , Mexicans expressed mixed views of Peña Nieto ’s handling of some key issues . In particular , the same share approves as disa
more women ( 25
44 % of Democrats who say the same . GOP views have improved substantially since Donald Trump ’s election . Democratic views have changed little following the shift in administration . Democrats are somewhat less positive about their future personal financial situation than they were during Barack Obama ’s presidency , while Republicans have become more bullish . Today Republicans are 19 percentage points more likely to say they expect their personal finances to improve over the next year ( 82 % vs. 63 % ) . Throughout much of Obama ’s tenure , the expectations gap was the reverse . The survey finds that Americans
July 24 , 2017 – a total of 360,173 individual posts . While the use of all five new emotional reactions increased across the study period , the use of the “ angry ” reaction outpaced the other four new emoji options . “ Angry ” increased by 385 % , compared with 169 % for “ love . ” The use of “ sad ” increased by 315 % ,
about North Korea ’s nuclear program . Half or more in each country say they are somewhat or very concerned about the nuclear program . In the Asia - Pacific region , anxiety is highest among Pyongyang ’s closest neighbors – Japan , the Philippines and South Korea , where around 60 % or more say they are very concerned . 3People in the region are divided about whether increasing economic sanctions or deepening ties is the better response to North
56 % of Boomers favor same - sex marriage , while 39 % are opposed . Last year , opinion among Boomers was divided ( 46 % favored/48 % opposed ) . African Americans . Blacks have long been less supportive of same - sex marriage when compared with whites , but the share of African Americans who favor same - sex marriage has risen 12 percentage points since 2015 , from 39 % to 51 % . Republicans . For the first time , a majority of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents
is likely much higher because the monthly figure is based on data from the second week of March , before the economic impact of the outbreak became widespread . Overall unemployment in the United States stood at 4.4 % in March . The U.S. now has the most reported coronavirus cases of any country . Most states have closed nonessential businesses and many have issued stay - at - home orders to their residents . More than four - in - ten Americans (
Wisconsin , a federal court issued an injunction against a new state law that would have required doctors working in abortion clinics to have admitting privileges at a local hospital . Another admitting - privileges requirement enacted in Alabama recently was halted by a federal judge . The next big legal battle could be in Texas , where Republican Gov. Rick Perry recently signed a new law banning most abortions after 20 weeks and imposing new medical requirements on abortion clinics
fathers did 20 or 30 years ago . The biggest challenge in raising children today , according to parents and non - parents alike , is dealing with the outside influences of society . Nearly four - in - ten Americans ( 38 % ) list societal factors when asked in an open - ended format to name the biggest challenge for parents today . Among the top specific concerns mentioned are drugs and alcohol , peer pressure , and the impact of television and other media . Beyond societal influences , other perceived challenges in raising children include teaching morals and values , maintaining discipline , handling the financial aspects of childrearing , and dealing with the educational system . The views of mothers and
million undocumented immigrants were living in the United States , according to preliminary Pew Research Center estimates based on government data – a population that has largely remained stable since 2009 . Undocumented immigrants from Mexico make up the largest share of this population , though the number of undocumented Mexican immigrants in the U.S. has declined since 2007 . Among Republicans and Republican - leaning independents , 41 % say better border security and stronger law enforcement should be the focus in dealing with illegal immigration ; about as many ( 45 % ) ,
but 23 % favor stricter limits on abortion and 31 % favor making it illegal except in cases of rape , incest or to save a woman ’s life . Only about one - in - ten ( 9 % ) say abortion should never be permitted . Moreover , while nearly six - in - ten ( 59 % ) think it would be a good thing to reduce the number of abortions in the U.S. , one - third ( 33 % ) say
based on the new data . About 690,000 unauthorized immigrants were enrolled in DACA as of Sept. 4 .   Although roughly 800,000 unauthorized immigrants have ever received benefits through DACA , about 110,000 of this group are no longer enrolled in the program . About 70,000 former DACA participants did not renew their benefits or had their renewal applications denied . Another 40,000 have adjusted their legal status and obtained green cards , which grant
preference for familiar technology products . When the six questions are taken individually , the answers suggest a tilt toward the comfort of the familiar , with a committed minority of the more adventurous mixed in . Compared with seniors , younger adults are more inclined to like trying new technology products . These age differences are in keeping with previous Pew Research Center surveys that found younger adults more likely to be interested in science and technology and more
that story very closely . Looking at past Washington scandals involving senior government officials , the firing of eight U.S. attorneys generated an average amount of interest from the public . It is on par with Whitewater , the HUD scandal of the late 1980s , Trent Lott ’s resignation as Senate Majority Leader , the Jack Abramoff lobbying scandal , Tom Delay ’s indictment for campaign finance violations and the savings and loan scandal of the early
about two - thirds of Hispanic adults ( 69 % ) said they had been harmful , with similar shares of immigrants and the U.S. born saying so . Far more Hispanic Democrats ( 85 % ) than Hispanic Republicans ( 38 % ) said Trump administration policies had been harmful to Hispanics . One of the Trump administration ’s top priorities has been to reduce the number of immigrants who enter the country . The administration has issued several orders to tighten restrictions for legal immigration and close U.S. borders amid the coronavirus outbreak . Some Hispanics say they
seeking advice , often depending on the type of decision they are trying to make . Several themes stood out as Americans explained in writing the way they do their own research when they make big decisions ( responses edited for punctuation , spelling and clarity ) . “ I rely on information on the internet , e.g. , a move to another city made me look up geographical information , cost of living ,
they feel about them . Support for the goals of the science marches is divided by political party . Republicans and Republican leaners oppose the goals of the science marches by a 47%-25 % margin ; some 29 % are undecided about their views . Democrats and Democratic leaners support the goals of the marches by a 68%-14 % margin , with 18 % undecided . People who have heard about the recent science marches are largely supportive of the protesters ’ goals . Those who have heard at least a little about the recent science marches support the goals of the science marchers by a margin of 61 % to
Christians ( median of 30 ) . Religiously unaffilia
this country illegally . Support for providing legal status for unauthorized immigrants cuts across party lines , with backing from 64 % of Republicans , 76 % of Democrats and 70 % of independents . Democrats are the biggest supporters of a pathway to citizenship with 48
6 - 8) , the economy was the top story for the public , with 26 % following economic news most closely compared with 13 % who cited news about incoming Republican leaders . By contrast , news about the incoming Congress made up 18 % of coverage for the week , much more than any other story , according to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ) . News about the economy accounted for 8 % . The public showed moderate interest in the GOP taking control of the House of Representatives and most Americans say they heard
but it does not attempt to estimate the number of victims in each country . As a result , it does not speak to the intensity of harassment in each country . ) Christians were harassed by governments or social groups in a total of 128 countries in 2015 – more countries than any other religious group , according to the report . But there also were 2.3 billion Christians in 2015 , more than any other religious group . Large populations of Christians are present in all but a few parts of the world : Roughly two - thirds of the world ’s countries , for example , have Christian majorities . By contrast , smaller religious
overall continues to face challenges . 2Cable news was a bright spot in another down year for the U.S. news media industry ’s economic fortunes . Revenue rose 4 % over the past year for Fox News , CNN and MSNBC combined , according to estimates from Kagan , a media research group . That made cable news one of the only sectors with a revenue increase in 2018 . Cable news revenue has grown by roughly a third ( 36 % ) since 2015 , with
attitude is different . A CBS News poll last week asked if Obama and Democrats should compromise in order to get a budget agreement and also asked if Republicans should compromise . The survey found that three - quarters of the public want the Democrats to compromise and three - quarters say the Republicans should compromise . That includes 61 % of Democrats saying their own party should compromise and 59 % of Republicans saying the GOP should compromise . And , in our recent survey , six - in - ten ( 61 % )
middle - income households increased in France , the Netherlands and the United Kingdom , but they shrank in Germany , Italy and Spain . From 1991 to 2010 , the middle - class share in the UK increased from 61 % to 67 % , but it decreased from 78 % to 72 % in Germany . Among the 11 Western European countries examined , the expansion in the UK was second only to the increase in Ireland , where the share increased from 60 % in 1991 to 69 % in 2010 . The decrease in Germany was
providing additional economic assistance . Majorities of Americans say the aid package enacted last month will do a great deal or a fair amount to help a range of actors , including large businesses ( 77 % ) , small businesses ( 71 % ) , state and local governments ( 67 % ) and unemployed people ( 68 % ) . However , only about half ( 49 % ) expect it to benefit self - employed people , while 46 % think it will help their
Hong Kong and Taiwan)—accounts for just 5 % of the nation ’s current stock of about 40 million immigrants . Looking back over the entire span of U.S. history , no country has ever seen as many of its people immigrate to this country as Mexico has in the past four decades . However , when measured not in absolute numbers but as a share of the immigrant population at the time , immigration waves from Germany and Ireland in the late 19th century equaled or exceeded the modern wave from
( 73 % ) among members of the Christian Democratic Union , Christian Social Union and the Free Democratic Parties . Backing for returning this authority to Berlin is strong , but
half or more in all 10 nations also think the EU promotes democratic values , with the French and Germans especially likely to hold this view . Half or more in seven nations think the EU promotes prosperity . The exceptions include Greece and Italy , two nations that suffered during the European debt crisis . Germany is another exception : The country has performed relatively well economically compared with many other EU nations over the past decade . Opinions about the attributes of the EU have shifted in a more positive direction in
Skeptic Republicans , sharply diverges from the GOP ’s traditional support for business and lower taxes . Only about a third of Market Skeptic Republicans ( 34 % ) say banks and other financial institutions have a positive effect on the way things are going in the country , lowest among Republican - leaning typology groups . Alone among the groups in the GOP coalition , a majority of Market Skeptic Republicans support raising
in Puerto Rico ’s elementary schools and high schools has declined 40 % over the past decade , the report said . “ Structural problems , economic shocks and weak public finances have yielded a decade of stagnation , outmigration and debt , ” the report said . “ Even if there is no intensification in economic problems , which is a big if , the [ Puerto Rico ] Planning Board projects that the population will continue to fall through 2020 . ” The island ’
either among Muslims or in the majority populations on many issues . Most notably , France shows no signs of a backlash in response to last year ’s riots . In fact , a counter trend seems to have emerged with slightly more French people saying that immigration from the Middle East and North Africa is a good thing than did so a year ago . The French public is also more inclined this year to say that Muslims living in France want to adopt French customs – a view held by an overwhelming majority of Muslims in France . Nor do German and British publics express any increase in negative views of immigrants – although
making donations to the Philippines trails donations to natural disasters that got more attention : 14 % say they have donated to storm relief efforts . The share of the public that has donated so far is somewhat less than after the disasters in Haiti , Japan or the Indian Ocean . In the past , many have donated to relief causes after the first week . For instance , after the earthquake in Haiti , far more said they donated in a survey conducted after 3 - 4 weeks ( 52 % ) than had said they donated in the first several days ( 18 % ) . Currently , in addition to the 14 % who say they
the public and news media ’s priorities were in sync . At their peak intensity , each of these stories filled over 40 % of the week ’s newshole , according to PEJ ’s News Coverage Index , and was the most closely followed story that week by more than 40 % – and in several instances about 60 % – of the public , according the Pew Research Center ’s News Interest Index . But there were moments , and stories , when the public ’s interests diverged substantially from the press ’ coverage . And those discrepancies , moreover , tended to fit a broader pattern . In
other financial holdings , while less affluent households typically
over the past two decades , followed by a question evaluating whether they saw this as a good or bad thing for their nation . ( For more , see “ How people around the world view gender equality in their countries . ” ) Around three - quarters favor more gender equality in India , Australia , South Korea and France . But many among the populations surveyed also see the gender equality landscape as unchanged over the past 20 years . In Japan , for instance , around one - third say that equality
between Latinos and whites — and also reducing gaps within the Latino community itself . When it comes to owning a smartphone , going online from a mobile device and using social networking sites , Latinos are just as connected as other Americans . According to the Pew Research analysis : While Latinos use mobile and social networking technologies at rates similar to those of other groups , they lag whites when it comes to owning a desktop or laptop computer or accessing the internet ( with
impressions of Iran . The Scandinavian publics polled have the most biting assessments of the Islamic Republic , with over eight - in - ten in both Sweden and Denmark expressing distaste . Spanish and Dutch opinions also are overwhelmingly critical , with about eight - in - ten in each country holding negative views of Iran . On the flip side , adults in the two East Asian countries included in the survey were the least likely to express dislike of Iran . About six - in - ten or fewer in Japan and South Korea hold Iran in low regard ,
from 49 % one month ago . On the other hand , public perceptions of news about the job situation are largely unchanged from last month , despite the March 4 release of a federal jobs report that showed significant job gains in February . Half ( 50 % ) say they have been hearing mostly bad news about the job situation , about the same as the 52 % that said this in February . Those surveyed after the release of the federal unemployment report were less negative about job news than those surveyed just before its release ; 47 % of those surveyed March 4 - 6 say they are hearing mostly
said they sympathized with neither side . About four - in - ten Democrats ( 41 % ) sympathized more with Israel and 13 % sympathized with the Palestinians . Democrats were more likely than Republicans to volunteer that they sympathized with neither side in the conflict ( 15 % vs. 7 % of Republicans ) and to offer no opinion ( 27 % vs. 18 % ) . The 29 - point partisan gap in the percentages sympathizing more
36 % in 2016 – a considerable increase , but still smaller than that seen among young women . Consequently , the gender gap in college attainment among young workers grew to 10 percentage points in 2016 . This gender gap is driven in part by the fact that young women are more likely to finish college than their male counterparts . In 2016 , among 25- to 29 - year - olds , women were 7 percentage points more likely than comparable men to have at least a bachelor ’s degree . While education levels have increased among young workers across all major racial and ethnic groups , the large gaps that existed among Gen X workers in 2000 persist among Millennial
the impact of the immigration debate , Hispanics are generally content with their own lives and upbeat about the long - term prospects for Latino children . Nearly eight - in - ten respondents , for example , say they are very ( 45 % ) or somewhat ( 33 % ) confident that Hispanic children growing up now will have better jobs and more money than they have . Hispanics are the nation ’s largest minority group , numbering 47 million ( about 15.5 % of the total
abortion : About eight - in - ten Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 82 % ) say abortion should be legal in all or most cases . A somewhat larger share of liberal ( 91 % ) than conservative and moderate ( 75 % ) Democrats say abortion should be legal in all or most cases . Democrats are ideologically divided over how far protections for legal abortion should extend : Conservative and moderate Democrats are more likely to say abortion should be legal in most cases ( 45 % ) than
Hispanics are also the nation ’s largest immigrant group and one of its fastest growing populations . According to the Census Bureau , Hispanic population growth between 2000 and 2010 accounted for more than half of the nation ’s population growth ( Passel , Cohn and Lopez , 2011 ) . Among the nation ’s 40.4 million immigrants , nearly half ( 47 % ) are Hispanic ( Motel and Patten , 2013 ) . Accompanying this report are 14 statistical profiles — one for each of the 14 largest Hispanic
the Asia - Pacific region . There is little support for more military spending , and the Japanese oppose using overwhelming military force to defeat terrorism . Moreover , the Japanese , like Europeans and Americans , are exclusionary in their view of national identity . For a person to be considered truly Japanese , around nine - in - ten believe that a person has to speak Japanese and share Japanese customs and traditions ; nearly eight - in - ten
this analysis can be found here . Also , see where foreign student graduates worked in the
were generally good . A year later , in a major survey of the public ’s attitudes about race and racial inequality , opinions about the state of race relations were divided ( 48 % generally bad , 44 % generally good ) . Today , a 56 % majority expresses a negative view of race relations , while 38 % say relations are generally good . As in the past , whites have a more positive view of race relations than do blacks or Hispanics . Currently , 40 % of whites say race relations are generally
$ 40,038
have a college degree ( 51
- 29 year olds . Indeed , seniors are roughly 50 % more likely to own a cell phone than to use the internet ( 40 % of seniors are internet users ) . Just under half of American adults have an iPod or other mp3 player , a figure that has quadrupled since early 2005 ( at that time 11 % of Americans owned this type of device ) . As with cell phones , young adults are
respondents in India from April 7 to May 24 , 2016 . The Indian public ’s satisfaction with the direction of the country has increased 36 percentage points since 2013 , the year before Modi and his Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) took power . Views on the economy have improved by 23 points . And belief that today ’s children will be better off financially than their parents is up 8 points . A strong majority ( 81 % ) of Indians hold
64 % of those 50 to 64 and 67 % of those 65 and older . 5Democrats ages 18 to 29 differ from other Democrats in views of the media , while Republicans under 30 differ from other Republicans on Trump . Democrats overall tend to express more favorable views of the media than Republicans , but the youngest Democrats have a considerably less favorable view than other age groups in the party . Large majorities of Democrats in older age groups
government . 55More than half ( 54 % ) of Americans now see Obama as not tough enough on foreign affairs and national security , according to our August poll . Far more Republicans ( 77 % ) hold that view than independents ( 56 % ) or Democrats ( 34
immigrants to gain citizenship . Even so , a majority of Americans ( 54 % ) say they favor amnesty for illegal immigrants already in the country if they pass background checks and meet other conditions . The way in which the issue is characterized has a significant effect on Republican views . While 62 % of Republicans favor “ providing a way for illegal immigrants currently in the country to gain legal citizenship , ” support declines sharply when the concept of amnesty is raised . However , even when the policy is described as “ providing amnesty ” for illegal immigrants , about as many Republicans favor ( 47 % ) as oppose ( 48 % ) the idea
smartphone owners in the experience sampling study used their phone at least once to avoid being bored , with respondents in this age group reporting that they did so in average of 5.4 surveys over the one - week study period . Similarly , 47 % of young smartphone owners used their phone to avoid interacting with the people around them at least once during the study period , roughly three times the proportion of older smartphone owners who did so . When it comes to the emotions that people experience as a result of having a smartphone , “ productive ” and “ happy ” lead the way — 79 % and 77 % of smartphone owners ,
for Obama plummeted . However , since 2015 – the last time the Center polled in Russia – favorable opinions of the U.
57 % have a positive view of China . 2As the U.S. economy has slowly grown and added jobs , and as China ’s once astronomical growth rates have waned , the percentage of Europeans naming the U.S. as the world ’s top economic power has increased , while the share naming China has declined . In 2016 , many people across the nations polled say the U.S. is the world ’s
by a 49 % to 33 % margin . In this digital age , Americans ’ awareness and concerns over issues of privacy also extend beyond the kinds of surveillance programs revealed by Snowden and include how their information is treated by companies with which they do business . Our research also has explored that subject in depth . Here are some of the important findings that emerged from this work : 1Overall , Americans are divided when it comes to their level of concern about surveillance programs . In
including 3,941 registered voters , provides a unique perspective on voters ’ feelings about the presidential candidates . Many voters have unqualified praise for their preferred candidate . A 78 - year - old woman supporting Clinton describes her as “ a seasoned veteran ” who “ can get things done , ” and adds : “ We need a woman ! ” A 43 - year - old
would outlive their retirement nest eggs . In the more recent survey , retirement worries peak among adults in their late 30s – many of whom are the older sons and daughters of the Baby Boom generation . The 2012 survey finds that among adults between the ages of 36 and 40 , 53 % say they are either “ not too ” or “ not at all ” confident that their income and assets will last through retirement . In contrast , only about a third ( 34 % ) of those ages 60 to 64 express similar concerns , as do a
37 % of Republicans . Nearly six - in - ten Republicans ( 59 % ) said stricter environmental laws and regulations   have a negative economic impact . Some of the largest partisan gaps when it comes to the public ’s priorities are over the environment . The partisan divide over dealing with global warming is especially striking . A January survey found 54 % of Democrats view this
mixed opinions will be only
those 65 and older . According to a separate Pew Research Center survey of American parents conducted in 2015 , half of married or cohabiting couples living with at least one child under age 18 say their household chores are split about equally . But 41 % say the mother does more , while 8 % say the father does more . The workload is seen as somewhat more equitable in households where both parents work full time : 59 % of adults in this type of household say chores are divided about equally , while 31 % say the mother does more and 9 % say the father does more . To be sure , even among couples
candidate garners solid support from more than a quarter of Republican and Republican - leaning registered voters . Though Jeb Bush is widely known by Republican voters , just 23 % say there is a good chance they would vote for him , while 41 % say there is some chance ; 25 % say there is no chance they would vote for the former Florida governor . Mike Huckabee has similar levels of both recognition and support among Republican voters . By
in the U.S. labor
.S.-born Latinos , 87 % of whites and 81 % of blacks are internet users.2 There are more than 17,000 public libraries and bookmobiles nationwide , which together serve 96 % of the U.S. population . In fiscal year 2010 , libraries circulated some 2.5 billion materials , which include books along with many other materials such as DVDs and e - books ( Swan et al . , 2013
have performed better in recent years . Overall , there is a strong relationship between economic growth and optimism for the next generation . People in countries that have had strong growth since 2008 – such as China , Vietnam and Ghana – are much more likely to say today ’s children will be better off than their parents . In nations hit hard by the Great Recession – such as Greece , Spain and Italy – there is much less optimism . 3Across the globe , there is widespread support for free
public interest in the campaign for mid - October is significantly higher than at the same point in 2004 ( 56 % now vs. 46 % then ) . An analysis comparing the last two News Interest Index surveys ( conducted Oct. 10 - 13 and Oct. 17 - 20 ) with results from mid - October 2004 finds that interest in the campaign is up among many subgroups . There is much higher interest this year among African Americans ( up 24 points ) , those with a high school degree or less education ( up 18 points ) , Democrats ( up 17 points ) and those 65 years and older ( up 16 points
, but in the current poll it is only 60 % . Support dropped even further in Egypt ( -26 points ) . Turkey had been a strong supporter of ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi and his now outlawed Islamist Muslim Brotherhood . Opinions of Erdogan have held relatively steady in Tunisia and Lebanon since last year . In Lebanon , Erdogan ’s support is bo
15.9 % in 2010 . The share of black , Hispanic and Asian students enrolled in majority - minority schools also increased during this time — for Hispanics , from 73 % to 79 % , for example . White students are more likely than blacks or Hispanics to attend school where a vast majority of students are of the same race or ethnicity . In 2006 , the most recent
are similar to expectations for its long - term impact on the country . Overall , 37 % of Americans approve of the law , while 46 % disapprove ; nearly one - in - five ( 17 % ) do not offer an opinion . Partisanship is a major factor in opinions about the tax law , but differences between Republicans and Democrats are much wider regarding the law ’s impact on the country ( and on overall approval ) than on its expected personal impact . About half of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 52 % ) say the tax law will have a mostly positive effect on them and their families
followed news about the 2012 presidential candidates very closely , a figure that has
the jobs and unemployment numbers are net figures , and obscure much of the U.S. economy ’s churn and change — which is the way people looking for work or considering switching jobs or careers actually experience it . Other , lower - profile measures do capture those dynamics ; they show that something has changed in the U.S. labor market , and not for the better . The monthly Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey , or JOLTS , provides estimates of vacancies , hires , voluntary quits and involuntary separations starting in December 2000 . ( The latest JOLTS numbers are from February ; March numbers are due
them personally ; just
personal information about them that is online — a figure that has jumped from 33 % who expressed such worry in 2009 . People would like control over their information , saying in many cases it is very important to them that only they or the people they authorize should be given access to such things as the content of their emails , the people to whom they are sending emails , the place where they are when they are online , and the content of the files they download . About
but it does not attempt to estimate the number of victims in each country . As a result , it does not speak to the intensity of harassment in each country . ) Christians were harassed by governments or social groups in a total of 128 countries in 2015 – more countries than any other religious group , according to the report . But there also were 2.3 billion Christians in 2015 , more than any other religious group . Large populations of Christians are present in all but a few parts of the world : Roughly two - thirds of the world ’s countries , for example , have Christian majorities . By contrast , smaller religious
that the Zika virus is spread primarily by mosquitoes and that the tap
four Western European countries
it wins politically ,
maintaining U.S. troops in Iraq until the situation there has stabilized . However , there is growing sentiment in favor of setting a timetable for withdrawing the troops ­ 57 % favor that step now , up from 49 % in July . Moreover , a steadily growing number of Americans feel Iraq will turn out to be another Vietnam . About four - in - ten ( 39 % ) express this view
smartphone owners in the experience sampling study used their phone at least once to avoid being bored , with respondents in this age group reporting that they did so in average of 5.4 surveys over the one - week study period . Similarly , 47 % of young smartphone owners used their phone to avoid interacting with the people around them at least once during the study period , roughly three times the proportion of older smartphone owners who did so . When it comes to the emotions that people experience as a result of having a smartphone , “ productive ” and “ happy ” lead the way — 79 % and 77 % of smartphone owners ,
10 European nations surveyed , half or more said incoming refugees would increase the likelihood of terrorism in their country . As immigrant populations increased , few Europeans said the resulting cultural diversity made their countries a better place to live . 7Republicans have grown   increasingly skeptical   of   free trade .   About two - thirds of Republicans and Republican - leaning registered voters ( 68 % ) say free trade has been a bad thing for the U.S. , while only 24 % say it has been
the TPP , according to a November 2013 poll by Asahi Shimbun , one of Japan ’s main national newspapers . Only 25 % of respondents would like to see Japan reject the pact .
turnout . In the 2012 election an estimated 70
to 17,422 . In the same period , 27 % of copy and layout editor and online producer jobs were lost , falling from 10,901 to 7,980 . Data from the last three years alone further highlight this job insecurity . From 2010 through 2012 , ASNE recorded an 18 % reduction in full - time photographers , artists and videographers . That compares with a negligible job loss ( 0.2 % ) among copy and layout editors and online
the top problem . Gallup noted that this finding comes at a time when Congressional approval is within one percentage point of the lowest in history in its polls , ( 10 % in February and August of 2012 ) . The current standing of Congress is also significantly lower than during the 1995 - 96 shutdown period when it ranged from 30 % to 35 % . A Pew
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu favorably , while a median of 12 % have a positive view of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad or Iranian President Hassan Rouhani . Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan is the exception to the generally negative views , but opinion of him is still mixed . With respect to the ongoing conflict in Syria , publics are divided on how long they expect it to continue ; a median of 26 % expect the war in Syria to end in
prominent role in teens ’ online lives . Asked which platforms they used most often , the overall population of teens in this sample ( ages 13 to 17 ) reported that Facebook was the site they used most frequently ( 41 % said that ) , followed by Instagram ( 20 % ) and Snapchat ( 11 % ) . Boys are more likely than girls to report that they visit Facebook most often ( 45 % of boys vs. 36 % of girls ) . Girls are more likely than boys to say they use Instagram ( 23 % of girls vs. 17 % of boys ) and Tumblr ( 6 % of
buying 19 stations from Communications Corp. of America , in April . Sinclair ’s increase was also partly due to its purchase of seven stations from Allbritton Communications in July and 22 Fisher Communications stations in August . There are some cases however , where station acquisitions did not help local TV station companies post gains . Even though Tribune Co. purchased 19 local TV stations in July , it still lost 6 % of its revenues . The
1.3 % of total enrollment in 2014 ) were unauthorized immigrants themselves . In other words , U.S.-born children made up 81 % of all children of unauthorized immigrants enrolled in grades K-12 in 2014 . ( Well under 1 % of children of unauthorized immigrants were lawful immigrants in 2014 . ) Since the end of the Great Recession , the growth in the number of students with unauthorized immigrant parents has
a great deal . By comparison , 46 % of whites say whites benefit at least a fair amount from advantages in society that blacks do n’t have , and just 16 % of whites say whites benefit a great deal . Attitudes among Hispanics fall between those of whites and blacks , with about two - thirds of Hispanics ( 65 % ) saying white people benefit a great deal or a fair amount from societal privileges that black people do not have . The gap between Republicans and Democrats also is stark . Nearly eight - in - ten Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 78 % ) say white people benefit a
political typology survey , conducted Jan. 23 - Mar. 16 , 2014 , 57 % said an over - reliance on military force creates more hatred leading to increased terrorism , while fewer ( 37 % ) said that overwhelming military force is the best way to defeat global terrorism . There is a wide and growing partisan divide in these attitudes : Today , 74 % of Republicans say the best way to defeat global terrorism is with “ overwhelming force ,
n while 52 % have
shared that view . Majorities of Italians across demographic and regional groups saw immigration as a very big problem , but those who lived in the northern parts of the country were especially likely to say that was the case . About three - quarters ( 74 % ) of those who lived in the north saw immigration as a very big problem in Italy , compared with 54 % in the south , where the recent violence has been concentrated . Italian opinion about the influence immigrants were having on their country was
with at least some college experience also say they have feared for their personal safety because of their race . That share drops to about a third ( 34 % ) among those with less education . College - educated blacks are also more inclined to believe their race has negatively impacted their ability to succeed : 57 % of blacks with at least some college experience believe being black has hurt their ability to get ahead , compared with 47 % of those with a high school education or less . This
izing same - sex marriage has been good for society . And among Democrats and Democratic leaners , there are notable differences between liberals ( who make up around half of all Democrats ) and the party ’s conservatives and moderates on religion , same - sex marriage , racial discrimination and foreign policy . Yet it remains the case that the differences between the two parties are starker than those within the two parties . Across 30 political values – encompassing attitudes about guns , race , immigration , foreign policy and other realms – the average partisan gap is 39 percentage points . The gaps are substantially
public , happy with its prime minister , believes the national government is doing the right thing for the country . More than eight - in - ten ( 85 % ) voice trust in the national government , including 39 % who express a lot of trust . BJP supporters ( 90 % ) are more trusting of the government than Congress backers ( 76 % ) . The public is also quite satisfied ( 79 % ) with the way their democracy is currently working . This includes 33 % who
and part - time workers . But evidence suggests that as women enter the responsibilities of parenthood their earnings fall further behind same - aged male counterparts . Several other factors are believed to contribute to the persistence of the gender wage gap , among them the impact of broader family caregiving responsibilities , differences in the industries and occupations in which women and men work , workplace gender discrimination , and differences in workforce experience . The gender gap is just one of several gaps in earnings that characterize the American workforce . A separate Center analysis from 2016 , for example , found that white men had higher
say they prefer “ Hispanic ” and 17 % say they prefer the term “ Latino . ” In Florida , results are similar—31 % prefer “ Hispanic ” and 17 % prefer “ Latino . ” The pattern for New York and all other states is nearly the same . Of course , Latinos also have several other terms at their disposal to describe their identity — and these are often preferred over “ Hispanic ” or “ Latino . ” When asked which term they use most often to describe themselves , 54 % use
are fluctuating nationally , while 30 % want to hear about how rising gas prices are impacting the nation ’s economy . Only about a quarter ( 24 % ) say they are mainly interested in knowing the price of gas in their area . Two - thirds of Americans ( 67 % ) cite a media source as their main source of information about gasoline prices . Television is mentioned most frequently : 42 % rely mainly on television news for information about gas prices ; 13 % newspapers ; 7 % the internet ; and 5 % cite radio news . Another 22 % of Americans say they learn about the price of gas
$ 40,038
optimism for the future . Only 36 % of Germans think that when children in their country grow up they will be financially better off than their parents . Similarly , while nearly two - thirds of Americans say economic conditions are good , only one - in - three are optimistic about the next generation ’s financial prospects . And in many nations , people are dissatisfied with the current state of their economy as well . This is certainly true in G20 host
in K-12 schools ( 69 % ) ; just 26 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners favor each of these proposals . Democrats also largely oppose proposals to shorten waiting periods for those who want to buy guns legally ( 25 % favor , 74 % oppose ) , while Republicans are divided ( 51 % favor , 48 % oppose ) . There is little support in either party for allowing concealed carry without a permit , though the proposal finds more support among the GOP ( 30 % ) than Democrats ( 10 % ) . Partisan divisions over gun policy proposals may reflect contrasting views among Republicans and Democrats on gun violence in the country today and on the impact
effective anti - drug policy , although like other such strategies , it is viewed as less fruitful than a decade ago . But the public is more compassionate than condemnatory when it comes to the users of illegal drugs , as opposed to those who profit from the drug trade . A majority of Americans ( 52 % ) believe that drug use should be treated as a disease , compared to 35 % who favor treating it as a
expect American foreign policy to change for the better when a new president takes office next January . However , this view is much less common in the Arab nations of Jordan ( only 19 % expect foreign policy to improve ) , Egypt ( 25 % ) and Lebanon ( 30 % ) , as well as in Pakistan ( 20 % ) and Turkey ( 29 % ) . In these countries , deep - seated reservations about America and its role in the world will pose a challenge to the next
that China ’s economic influence is good for one ’s country is associated with more positive views toward China , holding other factors constant . But having a higher percentage of imports coming from China is related to more negative views of China . Greater economic satisfaction and openness to international investment are also related to more favorable views of China . Those who are more satisfied with their own domestic economy tend to have more positive opinions of China . Additionally , those who see it as a good thing when foreign
Trump and his policies . Just 20 % say they are more concerned that Democrats in Congress will go too far opposing Trump and his policies . GOP leaders ’ job approval improves . Job approval for Republican congressional leaders has increased sharply – from 19 % to 34 % – since September 2015 . In contrast , there has been little change in Democratic leaders ’ job ratings ( 34 % then , 37 % now ) . The rise in approval of GOP leaders is largely attributable to a turnaround among Republicans : 68 % approve of GOP leaders ’ performance now ; only 26 % did so
20 % of adults 65 or older echo this opinion . Older Americans are strong supporters of requiring childhood vaccinations – 79 % say they hold that view , compared with 59 % of those under 30 . One possible reason that older groups might be more supportive of mandatory vaccinations is that many among them remember when diseases like measles were common . Prior to the first licensed measles vaccine in 1963 , hundreds of thousands of measles cases were
that 46 % of Americans thought Islam was more likely than other religions to encourage violence . FBI data for 2016 will not be released until next year , but there have been anecdotal reports of a continued rise in anti - Muslim hate crimes this year . While not all incidents can be   confirmed , the   Southern Poverty Law Center , a civil rights advocacy group that tracks hate crimes , reported   more than 30 cases   of
having a positive influence . Similarly , seven - in - ten held this view among supporters of the National Salvation Front ( NSF ) , a more secular coalition of opposition forces . The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces ( SCAF ) , the military ’s governing body , also receives high marks . Two - in - three Egyptians ( 67 % ) had a positive view of the council . Of course , today ’s announcement could have a major impact on public opinion – it ’s likely that FJP supporters will react negatively to the ultimatum – but it is clear that the military comes into this crisis with a stronger public image
U.S. soldiers , both in Iraq and in the United States . ( See “ Iraq News Less Dominant : Still Important , ” Nov. 9 , 2007 ) . Interest in events on the ground in Iraq also remained high last week : 31 % followed the war very closely and 17 % listed it as their most closely followed news story . The public continues to express less interest in the debate in Washington over U.S
The largest share of Protestants around the world ( roughly 20 % ) lived in the U.S. , which was , during the colonial era , largely settled by Puritans and other Protestants from Europe . 2The share of Protestants among U.S. adults is in decline , falling from 51 % in 2007 to 47 % in 2014 . The decline is most pronounced among people who identify with mainline Protestant denominations , such as the United Methodist Church and the Evangelical Lutheran Church of America . The share
severe forms of online harassment , including physical threats , sustained harassment , stalking and sexual harassment . Witnessing online harassment is an even more common aspect of digital life : Two - thirds of Americans say they have witnessed others being harassed online , according to the new survey . 2Experiences with online harassment tend to vary across demographic groups , with young adults the most likely to face online abuse . About two - thirds of 18- to 29 - year - olds
population as a whole , disparities within each racial / ethnic group have also widened over the past few decades . For example , in 2012 , the richest 5 % of black households ( those with incomes of at least $ 134,883 ) received 22 % of aggregate black household income , up from 17 % in 1972 . The share of income of the top 5 % of white and Hispanic households have shown
shape American public opinion after 9/11 by critiquing stereotypes of Muslims and drawing attention to violations of Muslims ’ civil liberties . Of course , it is important to note that even though there was no broad public - opinion backlash in France or the U.S. , violence against Muslims increased
feature of Japan ’s post - WWII existence has been its close relationship with the United States . Japanese attitudes toward America have oscillated over the past decade , but in 2017 public opinion about both the U.S. and its newly elected president took a decidedly negative turn . Today , just 57 % of Japanese see the U.S. favorably – down 15 percentage points from a year ago . This is the steepest year -
65 % favorable rating , respectively ) . When it comes to how Maduro is handling various aspects of his job , Venezuelans offer harsh criticism . Maduro ’s worst issue ratings are on inflation ( 86 % disapprove ) and crime ( 85 % ) . Reports indicate an increase in the country ’s crime rates , which some attribute to the shortages of basic goods plaguing the country . Roughly eight - in - ten also give Maduro poor marks for his handling of corruption ( 83 % )
Transatlantic Trade and Investment
terms of news interest . In the week ending July 25 , 2010 – shortly after BP said it had capped the leak and just before the resignation of CEO Tony Hayward – fully 59 % of American adults were following the Gulf leak very closely . The only story as closely watched in 2010 was that of another disaster , the January earthquake in Haiti ( 60 % paid close attention at the peak ) . 3Public interest went hand - in
to 71 % ) , while the views of Republicans and Republican leaners have barely changed ( 25 % then , 24 % today ) . However , Republicans ’ opinions on this issue had shifted substantially between 2007 and 2011 , with the share favoring more aid to the needy falling 20 points ( from 45 % to 25 % ) . The result : While there has been a consistent party gap since 1994 on government aid to the poor , the divisions have never been this large . In 2011 , about twice as many Democrats as Republicans said the government should do more for
more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s News Coverage Index , go to www
While most Pakistanis remain unhappy with the country ’s direction , the public mood is more positive than it has been in recent years . While only 25 % are satisfied with the way things are going in Pakistan , this is a significant improvement from the 8 % who felt that way in 2013 . The percentage saying the economy is in good shape has more than doubled since last year , rising from 17 % to 37 % . And 36 % now expect the economy to improve in the next 12 months . Moreover , while Pakistanis still believe their country faces a long list of challenges ,
the job openings rate , which is calculated by dividing the total number of openings by the sum of total employment and openings . ( The higher the rate , the greater the nation ’s unmet demand for labor . ) The openings rate was a robust 4 % in April , matching the high points reached in July 2015 and July 2016 . Like the total number of job openings , the openings rate bottomed out in July 2009 , at 1.7 % . The JOLTS program does n
42 % then . There also has been a sharp decline in the share of Biden supporters who feel angry , from 80 % then to 56 % now . Meanwhile , the share of Biden supporters who feel proud about the state of the country has tripled from a very low level in June , rising from 7 % to 22 % . Trump supporters , by contrast , are now far less likely to say they are hopeful about the country than they were five months ago and
( 177,400 jobs ) at department stores . The pattern appeared to continue last month : Clothiers and department stores accounted for more than half of November ’s retail job gains , adding 121,600 and 114,700 jobs respectively . Other good places to seek holiday employment were general merchandise stores   ( 78,600 jobs added between October and December 2013 , about 13 % of the total increase ) and sporting goods , hobby , book and music retailers
lower - income Americans . And last week , President Donald Trump signed legislation that repeals a number of broadband privacy regulations . Americans have different levels of support for broadband subsidies based on political affiliation . Six - in - ten Democrats and independents who lean Democratic say the government should help lower - income Americans purchase high - speed internet service , but that figure falls to just 24 % among Republicans and Republican - leaning independents . These partisan differences stand in
their personal information . Additionally , majorities of the public are not confident that corporations are good stewards of the data they collect . For example , 79 % of Americans say they are not too or not at all confident that companies will admit mistakes and take responsibility if they misuse or compromise personal information , and 69 % report having this same lack of confidence that firms will
% of Clinton supporters say this issue is very important to their vote . Clinton supporters rank the treatment of minorities at the same level of importance as the economy ( 80 % ) , terrorism ( 74 % ) and gun policy ( 74 % ) . Clinton backers are nearly twice as likely as those who support Donald Trump to say the treatment of minorities is very important to their 2016 decision ( 79 % vs. 42 % ) . The gap in importance placed on this issue by the two presumptive presidential candidates ’ backers is among the widest across the 14 issues
say they remitted funds is unchanged from 2006 . More than half ( 54 % ) of foreign - born Hispanics , and more than one - in - three ( 36 % ) Latinos , say they sent remittances in the past year . In 2006 , 51 % of the foreign - born , and 35 % of all Latinos , said they sent remittances in the prior year . Latinos make
4 percentage points ; for Clinton supporters it is plus or minus 6.9 percentage points and for Trump supporters it
is multiracial was a big task . As researchers specializing in social trends , the topic had immediate appeal and it ’s also a natural extension of our other work on race and ethnicity . The multiracial population is growing at a remarkable pace ; even the projected growth rate you cite may be too conservative . Yet we discovered while doing preliminary research for this study that there are no major nationally representative surveys of multiracial Americans . To the best of our knowledge , this is the first one
, the Japanese overwhelmingly reject a more robust military role for their country in the Asia - Pacific region . There is little support for more military spending , and the Japanese oppose using overwhelming military force to defeat terrorism . Moreover , the Japanese , like Europeans and Americans , are exclusionary in their view of national identity . For a person to be considered truly Japanese , around nine - in - ten believe that a person has to speak Japanese and share Japanese customs and traditions ; nearly eight - in - ten
5 percentage points .
the relationship between the United States and Germany is good has risen from 24 % in 2018 to 34 % this year . But while Germans are now more positive about the relationship than in 2018 , their outlook is still more negative than in 2017 . Americans ’ evaluation of the bilateral relationship , on the other hand , is at its highest point in three years of surveys . 2 Americans and Germans differ over which country is most important to their own nation ’s foreign policy . In the U.S. ,
that other nations are superior . In the new survey , 60 % of Democrats and 52 % of Republicans say the U.S. is one of the greatest countries in the world , again little changed from 2015 . While the view that there are countries better than the U.S. is uncommon in either party , Democrats and Democratic leaners remain more likely than Republicans and leaners to say this ( 20 % vs.
( 54 % ) say it is more important to have stable governments in the Middle East , even if there is less democracy in the region , while 30 % say it is more important to have democratic governments , even if there is less stability . The percentage prioritizing democracy in the region has slipped over the past year and a half . In March 2011 , in the early days of the Arab Spring , 37 % said democracy in the region was more important than stability . There
that in the near future the church will make key changes in its handling of family matters . Indeed , about six - in - ten U.S. Catholics say they think the church will reverse its ban on birth control in the coming decades , while more than half say they think the church will soon allow cohabiting Catholics and those who have remarried without an annulment to receive Communion . Fewer Catholics think the church will recognize the marriages of gay and lesbian couples in the near
Vietnam ) have experienced at least one successful coup since World War II , according to the center ’s data . Thailand has had the most coups , with 10 ; it also was the site of the world ’s most recent coup , in May 2014 , the culmination of months of political violence and turmoil . Bolivia and Syria each have had eight coups in the past seven decades , while Argentina has had seven .
for unauthorized immigrants .
of all adult cell owners who are “ connected viewers”—meaning they took part in at least one of these activities in the 30 days preceding our survey.2 Young adults in particular stand out for their embrace of multi - screen viewing experiences , as some 81 % of mobile owners ages 18 - 24 reported using their cell phones during televised programming in the preceding 30 days . Other demographic differences in “ connected viewing ” include : Along with these demographic differences , smartphone owners use their devices to interact with televised content at far higher rates than owners of more basic cell phones . Fully 74 % of smartphone owners reported using their devices in one way or another while watching
read e - books on tablet computers , 10 % use e - book readers and 11 % engage with e - book content on desktop or laptop computers . Cellphones also play a relatively prominent role in the reading habits of Americans who have not attended college . College graduates are far more likely than those with high school diplomas or less to read books on tablets ( 25 % vs. 7 % ) , e - book readers ( 15 % vs. 3 % ) or
maternity and paternity leave . California was the first state to establish paid family leave , in 2004 , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures .   Since then , four other states and the District of Columbia have enacted paid family leave laws . The measures in New Jersey and Rhode Island came into effect in 2009 and 2014 , respectively ; New York ’s law is scheduled to take effect in 2018 , and the D.C. law
cancer within 50 years . None of the techniques that anchor this study are available for enhancing purposes today . But many people foresee a future where each would be commonplace . Roughly half of adults ( 54 % ) think the idea of implanted computer chips is likely to be a routine occurrence in the future . Some 48 % say humans will definitely or probably use implanted sensors to monitor or adjust all food and medications that enter the bloodstream by the year 2066 . And a similar share
government . In the new survey , 41 % of conservative Republicans say they feel angry at the government , compared with 27 % of independents . Conservative Republicans are roughly twice as likely as liberal Democrats to say they are angry with government ( 41 % vs. 18 % ) . Since Barack Obama became president in 2009 , most of the anger at government has been concentrated among Republicans , especially conservatives and those who support the Tea Party . Currently , 50 % of Republicans and Republican
the opposition Indian National Congress party – share the view that most elected leaders are corrupt ( 69 % in each party say this ) . On a related question , only a third of Indians think elected officials care about the opinions of ordinary people in their country . Meanwhile , 58 % of adults in India say that no matter who wins an election , things do not change very much . This again includes a majority of both BJP and Congress supporters . Despite these negative views , Indians think their country allows other democratic values to flourish . By more than two - to - one , for example , Indians say the rights of people to
views of online harassment as a public issue . Seven - in - ten women ( 70 % ) say they see online harassment as a major problem , compared with 54 % of men .   Younger women – those ages 18 to 29 – are especially likely to say this : More than eight - in - ten ( 83 % ) say it is a major problem , compared with 55 % of men in the same age group .
14 % ) . Even in the country led by one of Chavez ’s closest allies — Bolivia ’s Evo Morales — only one - third expressed confidence in the Venezuelan leader . Opinions about Chavez were more mixed in Argentina , where nearly as many expressed confidence as lacked confidence ( 40 % vs. 43 % , respectively ) . Between 2007 and 2008 , confidence in Chavez declined in all of the three Latin American countries included in the 2008 Global Attitudes
of the newshole . About two thirds of that ( 19 % of all coverage ) focused on Obama ’s Sept. 8 jobs speech , while 9 % focused on economic news more generally . Most Americans ( 60 % ) say that news organizations gave the right amount of coverage to the Sept. 11 anniversary . Fewer ( 44 % ) say this about coverage of the early stages of the 2012 presidential campaign . With Rick Perry quickly attaining front - runner status since jumping into the race last month , 31 % say the Texas governor is the possible Republican candidate they have heard about most in the news recently . No one
the most positive ratings the country gets globally . Majorities in Lithuania , Poland , the Czech Republic and Ukraine say the opposite . Notably , only 34 % of people in the Czech Republic have a positive view of Russia , compared with six - in - ten in Slovakia , a wide divergence among nations that used to form a single Soviet republic . Similarly , Germans differ in their views of Russia depending on whether they are in the former East or West Germany : 33 %
10 European nations surveyed , half or more said incoming refugees would increase the likelihood of terrorism in their country . As immigrant populations increased , few Europeans said the resulting cultural diversity made their countries a better place to live . 7Republicans have grown   increasingly skeptical   of   free trade .   About two - thirds of Republicans and Republican - leaning registered voters ( 68 % ) say free trade has been a bad thing for the U.S. , while only 24 % say it has been
will hurt her this fall . Most say it will either help her ( 40 % ) or not make a difference ( 45 % ) . There is little difference in these views along partisan lines , but there are modest differences in these perceptions between men and women voters : Overall , 47 % of women and 43 % of men say Clinton ’s gender wo n’t make a difference to voters this fall ; men are somewhat more
, respectively ) . There
www.journalism.org
views on local issues is among the largest partisan gaps found in the Center ’s new survey , other measures also show substantial gaps by party . Asked whether their local news media do a good job across seven core job functions , Republicans are substantially less likely than Democrats to offer positive assessments on three of these functions ( even though majorities in both groups give their local news outlets positive marks on all seven functions ) . Republicans are 17 percentage points less likely
to work together more while 39 % said they expected increased partisan bickering . But by April 2009 , the public was already gloomy about the state of partisan relations : just 25 % said the parties were working together more than usual , while 53 % said they were bickering and opposing one another more . Since then , assessments have worsened . Only about a third as many people now see the two parties cooperating as did so then . There is widespread partisan agreement that Republicans and Democrats in Washington have been fighting more than usual . Currently , nearly equal percentages of Republicans ( 80 % ) , Democrats ( 80
S. to perform the five daily prayers ( 55 % vs. 39 % ) . In the early 1900s , some Muslim religious leaders in the U.S. asserted that Islam was the natural religion of black people , broadly drawing upon the narratives of African Muslims captured centuries ago and sold as slaves in the Americas . Most prominent among the groups saying this
, two - thirds of blacks share the concern that too many low - income people are dependent on government aid . African Americans are highly patriotic ( but more dubious than whites about the efficacy of military force ) , and are as supportive of efforts to protect the environment and concerned about a concentration of economic power as are whites . And on issues relating to religion and morality , blacks are solidly in the conservative mainstream . Still , as noted above , there is no question
55 % , respectively ) . Note : Read
great faith in climate scientists . When it comes to party divides , the biggest gaps on climate policy and climate science are between those at the ends of the political spectrum . Across the board , from possible causes to who should be the one to sort this all out , liberal Democrats and conservative Republicans see climate - related matters through vastly different lenses . Liberal Democrats place
Philippines is good for their country . In recent years , the Philippines and China have feuded over territory in the South China Sea , including tense naval standoffs and an international court ruling in favor of the Philippines . Fully 82 % of Filipinos say that territorial disputes between the two countries are a big problem . However , Presidents Xi and Duterte have made efforts to improve bilateral relations
46.6 % and Bush with 45.6 % . Candidate support in the 12 polls has , on average , varied only by about two percentage points ( 2.1 % ) from these overall measures.1 This is on par with the variability of polls conducted during this period in the past six presidential campaigns , and is well within the range that would be expected given the margin of error.2 The polling variability in 2004 falls close to that seen in 1984 and 1988 , when the average spread was 2.2 % and 2.3 % , respectively , and slightly above the election of 2000
examines news interest as
one - in - four fathers of children 17 or younger ( 24 % ) are living apart from at least one of their children , and 17 % are living apart from all of them , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of data from the National Survey of Family Growth . Education is strongly linked to the likelihood that a dad will be living apart from his children . Fathers who lack a four - year college degree are especially likely to be living apart from their kids
this , according to our survey of 1,811 teens ages 13 to 17 . There also are regional differences when it comes to praying before eating lunch at school , although that practice is generally less widespread : Roughly a quarter of Southern teens who attend public schools say they sometimes or often see other students praying before lunch ( 23 % ) , compared with about one - in - ten who say this in the Northeast ( 13 % ) , Midwest and West ( both 11 % ) . In addition to asking teens in general about what they witness in their public schools , researchers also asked religiously affiliated students about their personal behaviors
s economic achievements were good for America dropped to less than 40 % in 2008 and 2011 . However , in 2014 these attitudes rebounded slightly . Interestingly , roughly half of both Republicans ( 50 % ) and Democrats ( 51 % ) agree that Chinese growth is good for the U.S. This relative agreement stands in marked contrast to evaluations of the state of current bilateral economic relations , which are colored by partisanship . Younger Americans – who are more
all the AAAS scientists ( 98 % ) say they have some level of interaction with citizens at least from time to time , and 51 % have at least some contact with reporters about research findings . In addition , nearly half of AAAS scientists – 47 % – use social media to talk about science or read about scientific developments at least some of the time . Some 24 % of these AAAS scientists blog about science and research .
over their economies . These same countries are also more likely than others to see U.S. economic influence in their country positively . And , when it comes to developed countries , views of China are much more mixed to negative . Generally , countries with stronger human rights records and lower levels of corruption tend to be much less keen on China . When it comes to comparisons with the United States , generally speaking , China ’s economic influence is seen in similar or even slightly more positive terms . Most public
841600000?lang=en Ocasio - Cortez also created the most liked reply in our dataset . In response to an article about the location of her primary residence , she tweeted out concerns over her safety if she revealed the location of her apartment . The tweet sent in late February 2019 had more than 95,000 likes at the time of publication . With over 9,000 retweets , the most re
, just 49 % are favorably inclined toward America . Again , some of the steepest declines in U.S. image are found among long - standing allies . Since 2002 , when Pew Research Center first asked about America ’s image abroad , favorable opinion of the U.S. has frequently tracked with confidence in the country ’s president . Prior to this spring , one of the biggest shifts in attitudes toward the U.S. occurred
voters are far from a monolith in terms of their background . For example , while 76 % of Venezuelan and 74 % of Colombian eligible voters were naturalized citizens as of 2018 , the share was much lower among Mexicans ( 24 % ) . Note :   This is an update of a post originally published Oct. 14 , 2020
the enthusiasm of the young and minority voters so important to Obama ’s win four years ago . ( See : “ GOP Holds Early Turnout Edge , But Little Enthusiasm for Romney ” . ) The conventions can offer memorable and defining moments . In 2008 , 38 % of those who had watched at least some coverage of the Democratic convention said that Obama ’s speech had been the highlight of that convention for them . No other moment came close : 16 % cited Hillary Clinton ’s speech , 7 % Bill Clinton ’s and 6 % Michelle Obama ’s . On the GOP side
In February 2010 , 24 % of voters saw their vote as for Obama while about as many ( 20 % ) considered it a vote against him . At this early point in the campaign , Obama inspires far less enthusiasm among Democratic voters than he did four years ago . Only three - in - ten Democratic voters ( 31 % ) think of their vote as being “ for ” the president . In February 2010 , 47 % of Democratic voters saw their vote as an expression of support for the president . Republicans are no more likely to consider their vote as “
U.S. population as a whole , compared with about half ( 47 % ) of the general public . More Hispanics than Americans overall say the outbreak is a major threat to their personal financial situation ( 50 % vs. 34 % ) , day - to - day life in their local community ( 49 % vs. 36 % ) and their personal health ( 39 % vs. 27 % ) . The survey was conducted March 10 to
the historically black Protestant tradition . This includes those who tell us they belong to specific denominations such as the African Methodist Episcopal Church or the Church of God in Christ . The category also includes black Americans who do not identify with a specific denomination but instead say they associate with a broader Protestant group ( e.g. , “ just Baptist ” or “ just Methodist ” or “ just Pentecostal ” ) that has a sizable number of historically black denominations . Blacks who identify with denominations in the evangelical ( e.g. Southern Baptist Convention ) or mainline ( e.g. United Church of
view of China . Prior to 2013 , the most negative rating for China was 42 % in 2008 . As is generally the case for views about China on specific issues , there is a notable partisan gap on the overall favorability measure . More than six - in - ten Republicans ( 63 % ) give China an unfavor
- entrants ,
compared with 55 % of Republicans . And while 70 % of Democrats back an assault - weapons ban , only about half of Republicans ( 48 % ) favor this proposal . While there is broad support for several specific gun policy proposals – and opinion on these measures has not changed significantly since 2013 – the public continues to be more evenly divided in fundamental attitudes about whether it is more important to control gun ownership or to protect the right of Americans to own guns . Currently , 50 % say it is more
22 % of news coverage last week , according to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism . That includes 17 % of coverage specifically about the incident and the government ’s decision to try the suspect in federal court and another 5 % dedicated to issues involving airport security . ( The airport security stories are included in a broader category of coverage dedicated to
Muslims are primarily Turkish in origin . French Muslims do share many opinions with their co - religionists in neighboring countries . Primary among them is concern about joblessness . More than half of French Muslims ( 52 % ) say they are very worried about unemployment among Muslims — the primary complaint of last fall ’s rioters — and an additional 32 % say they are somewhat concerned . These levels are comparable to those expressed by Spanish , German and , to a slightly lesser degree , by British Muslims .
% know that the government says the vaccine will need to be administered in addition to – not instead of – a separate vaccine for the usual seasonal flu . According to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey , conducted August 28 - 31 among 1,006 adults by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , 30 % say they followed the health care debate more closely than any other story , while smaller shares chose the economy ( 17 % ) , Kennedy
assessment of him or his administration – that is , had at least twice as many negative as positive statements . Just over half of stories that had a tweet from Trump ( 54 % ) had a negative assessment , 12 percentage points higher than stories that did not contain any of his tweets ( 42 % ) . ( Overall , 44 % of all stories studied during the time period studied gave a negative assessment . ) Additionally , stories with at least one of the president ’s tweets were more likely to include a direct refutation by the reporter of something the president or a member of his administration said
the end of World War II . But the composition of teen mothers has changed drastically . Back in 1960 , most teen mothers – an estimated 85 % – were married . Today , the majority of teen births ( 89 % ) are to unmarried mothers . The teen birth rate has been on a steep decline since the early 1990s , and that trend accelerated after the onset of the Great Recession in 2007 . What ’s behind the recent trends ? One
adults are Millennials , but the 16 - year span of Millennial birth years ( 1981 - 1997 ) is already about as wide a range as those of the other living generations . And Millennials are projected to surpass Baby Boomers in 2015 as the nation ’s largest living generation , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data . So it seems likely that in the near future the youngest adults will be members of a post -
East and northern Africa
are also more likely than Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents to favor the increased use of hydraulic fracturing , or “ fracking , ” to extract oil and natural gas from underground rock formations ; more offshore oil and gas drilling ; and building more nuclear power plants . 2Politics alone does not divide Americans on science issues . Political ideology and party are either not related or weakly related to views on many biomedical , food safety and space issues .
see the share of their population that is 65 and older surpass the share that is younger than 15 by mid - century . 51Pressure on workers :   As populations age , working - age people in the developed world may have to support more dependents , while workers in India and several major African nations will likely have to support fewer dependents . 61Population 2050 : The global population is expected to increase by 38 % , from 6.9 billion in 2010 to 9.6 billion in
Republicans , not to mention a high - profile libertarian minority . How , and if the party broadens its national base and moderates its image will be crucial factors affecting both who will be the nominee and how well he or she will fare . Stay Tuned !
centrifugal forces that are pulling European public opinion apart , separating the French from the Germans and the Germans from everyone else . The southern nations of Spain , Italy and Greece are becoming ever more estranged as evidenced by their frustration with Brussels , Berlin and the perceived unfairness of the
one 28 - year - old lesbian who took part in our survey . “ A lot of people ( some or most of my family included ) do n’t approve or want to have anything to do with it , and choose to ignore my partner . ” By contrast , only a fifth of mainline - Protestant LGBT adults feel there ’s a conflict between their beliefs and their sexuality . Many ( but not all ) mainline denominations are at least tolerant of
60 % said the government has a responsibility to provide health coverage for all , the highest share in nearly a decade . While Republicans are less likely than Democrats overall to say they approve of the 2010 health care law or to say   that the government is responsible for ensuring health care coverage , there are key differences among Republicans on these questions , particularly by income and education . Republicans largely disapprove of the law across levels of educational attainment ,
have a living will . Most Americans believe that family members should have a role in end - of - life decision making . A strong majority of the public believes that when a terminally ill patient is unable to communicate his or her wishes about medical care , the responsibility rests with a family member . In the 2005 Pew Research Center survey , 74 % of respondents said in this situation , the closest family member should be allowed to decide whether to continue medical treatment . Do family members who find themselves in
Puerto Rico Community Survey .
just is n’t that interesting . ” “ I have n’t done anything because I do n’t do anything that I am ashamed of or that is wrong . ” I do not have the time or expertise Some of the open - ended responses from those who did not adopt the various tools or strategies noted the significant time and effort it takes to
the Republican Party ’s image is more positive than it has been in years . Currently , about equal shares view the GOP favorably ( 47 % ) and unfavor
traditional computer , smartphone or tablet . The amount of time people spend online also varies by disability status . Only half of disabled Americans report using the internet on a daily basis , compared to almost eight - in - ten of the non - disabled ( 79 % ) . Correction : In an earlier version of this post , the location of the photo was misidentified in the capt
younger than 35 – continue to be the most likely of all age groups to rent . In 2016 , 65 % of households headed by people younger than 35 were renting , up from 57 % in 2006 . Rental rates have also risen notably among those ages 35 to 44 . In 2016 , about four - in - ten ( 41 % ) households headed by someone in this age range were renting , up from 31 % in 2006 . Rental
because it takes money away from schools , health care and other public services — a common theme in the protests that have swept the country since June 2013 . Just 34 % think the World Cup , which Brazil will host for the first time since 1950 and which could attract more than 3.5 million people to the nation ’s twelve host cities , will create more jobs and help the economy . There is also skepticism about the international
for older people , a smaller majority of Republicans ( 58 % ) say the same . The partisan gap is much wider in views of government help for younger people . Nearly seven - in - ten Democrats ( 69 % ) say the federal government does not provide enough help for younger people . Republicans are divided : Nearly equal shares say the government does too little ( 29 % ) and too much ( 27 % ) for younger people , while 36 % say it provides
adult Hispanics . Some U.S.-born Latinos have direct links to their family ’s immigrant roots – 34 % are the U.S.-born children of at least one immigrant parent , or part of the second generation . Others are more distant from those roots – 28 % are the U.S.-born children of U.S.-born Latino parents , or of the third or higher generation . The terms that self - identified Hispanics use to describe themselves can
who use social media are more than three times as likely as fathers to say they get support . Most parents have not felt uneasy about the content posted about their children by other family members or caregivers on social media . This survey also took a broad look at the social media habits of parents . Among internet - using parents,3 social media use across a variety of platforms is common . Parents look a lot like non - parents in
Republican in the House compared with our initial report on the religious affiliation of the 114th Congress
or opinions about government and politics . Methodology note : In identifying how candidates made their announcements , we looked for the public event billed as the formal announcement by either the campaign or by reporters covering the campaign . If no announcement was made at or around the time the candidate formally filed their papers with the Federal Election Commission , the announcement of an exploratory committee was used , though this applied to only three candidates . If a candidate made statements in several venues at or around the same
U.S. adult Twitter users have at least a college degree , compared with 31 % of all Americans . And 41 % of adult Twitter users earn at least $ 75,000 a year , compared with 32 % of all American adults . 3Twitter users in the U.S. are more likely than U.S. adults overall to identify as Democrats and less likely to say they are very conservative . Six - in - ten
in many parts of the world during
access the internet . Overall , 12 % of U.S. adults were “ smartphone - only ” internet users in 2016 – meaning they owned a smartphone but did not have broadband internet at home . This represents an increase from 8 % in 2013 . Reliance on smartphones to go online varies greatly by income . One - in - five adults whose annual household income falls below $ 30,000 are smartphone - only internet users , compared with
12 % think Trump would be an average president . Views of other candidates as potential presidents – Bernie Sanders , Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio – are more mixed . Three - in - ten ( 30 % ) say Sanders would be either a good or great president , while 35 % say he would be poor or terrible , and 22 % say he would be average . About as many voters say Cruz would be great or good in the White House ( 28 % ) as say he would be poor or terrible ( 31 % ) ; 28 % say he would be average . Similarly , voters have divided
parents say they have taken away their teen ’s internet privileges or cellphone as punishment , while half of parents limit how often their teen can be online . Pew Research Center surveys have found that 92 % of teens say they go online daily , with 24 % using the internet “ almost constantly , ” and nearly three - quarters of teens have access to a smartphone . Therefore , “ digital grounding ” is a potentially potent form of discipline . But
percentage points between 2006 and 2016 . However , Chinese youth warmed to the U.S. over the same time period , with unfavorable views falling 12 points . In the U.S. , Republicans have consistently had more unfavorable views of China than Democrats . In the 2016 survey , for example , 63 % of Republicans held an unfavorable view of China , compared with 54 % of Democrats . But over the past decade ,
the Pew Internet Project ’s February 2007 survey , 47 % of American adults have broadband at home , nearly double the 24 % penetration level of three years earlier . With home broadband penetration poised to surpass 50 % this year , it will have taken 9 years from the time the service became widely available for home high - speed to reach half the population . To put this in context , it took 10 years for the compact disc player to reach 50 % of consumers , 15 years for cell
majority of internet users also participate in sites like Facebook and Twitter ( see here for a country by country list of social networking sites ) . People are using social networking sites to stay in touch with family and friends and to share their views on an array of topics , including popular culture , religion and politics . These are among the main findings of a Pew Research Center survey conducted among 24,263 people in 24 emerging and
be accepted by society . Up until a year ago , a majority of Republicans thought homosexuality should be discouraged by society , but views have since become more mixed . While 41 % of Republicans now say homosexuality should be discouraged , 48 % think it should be accepted by society . Conservative Republicans remain more likely to say homosexuality should be discouraged than say it should be accepted , but just about half say this today ( 49 % ) compared with 63 % in
unrest in Syria and Iraq , as many
versus 70 % ) , but there is no difference between the second and third generation . There are no significant nativity or generational differences in cell phone use for Latinos ages 26 and older . Another indicator of assimilation , English proficiency , is also linked to cell phone use among Latinos ages 16 and older.6 Some 84 % of those who are English dominant use cell phones , compared with 76 % of those who are bilingual and 69 % of those who use primarily Spanish . The increased likelihood of cell
while less than 1 % of consistent conservatives say the same . 2The Daily Show attracts a much younger news consumer than cable and network news shows . The median age of Web - using adults who got news from The Daily Show was 36 years last year , similar to that of its then - companion show , The Colbert Report ( 33 years ) . This is much younger than for other television news shows , both on cable and broadcast networks , including the network evening news programs and cable news shows like O’Reilly , Anderson Cooper 360 and the Rachel Maddow Show . 3Liberals , men and
, while just 20 % said it was negative.1 Today , more than six - in - ten ( 61 % ) Latinos say that discrimination against Hispanics is a “ major problem , ” up from 54 % who said that in 2007 . Asked to state the most important factor leading to discrimination , a plurality of 36 % now cites immigration status , up from a minority of 23 % who said the same in 2007 . Back then , a plurality of respondents—46%—
is a very serious problem , compared with 60 % of Democrats . Republicans are significantly more concerned than Democrats about six of the eight issues on the survey . The exceptions are human rights , where there is no significant partisan difference , and China ’s impact on the environment , which generates more worries among Democrats . Overall ratings for China are relatively unchanged since last year . Fifty - four percent of Americans have an
a summary of changes , see
parents work outside the home . 41Stay - at - home moms are poorer , less educated than working moms :   Stay - at - home mothers are younger , poorer and less educated than their working counterparts .   For example , 34 % of stay - at - home mothers are poor , compared with 12 % of working mothers .   They are also less likely to be white and more likely to be immigrants . 51The share of stay - at - home moms in poverty has doubled since 1970 :   While more stay - at - home moms are in poverty — 34 % in 2012 ,
( 66 % ) believe that today ’s children will be better off than their parents . But that optimism is down 10 percentage points since 2017 . Similarly , a majority of Indians ( 55 % ) are happy with the way things are going in their nation today . But that is down 15 points from 70 % in 2017 and marks a return to the level of public satisfaction in 2015 , the first full year of Naren
express a positive view of the economy ( 65 % vs. 31 % ) . Independents ’
% ) , it is up 11 points since 2007 ( 58 % ) . It also is about the same percentage that agreed with this statement in the first values survey ( 68 % ) . When the values items are combined into indices ( grouping measures on common subjects , such as the social safety net , into a single scale
the fourth quarter of 2007
% ) followed the
2018 , the Japanese government reported the lowest number of babies born since 1899 , when this data was first collected . Italy recorded its lowest total number of babies born in 2018 , and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says the U.S. hit the lowest number of births in 32 years after a continuous decline over many years . In addition to an overall decline in fertility rates throughout the 21st century , the UN projects an aging global population . While the UN projects
of Hispanic adults who said the same . What black Americans are discussing with others about the outbreak may be influenced by the topics of the outbreak they follow . Of 13 COVID - related topics asked about in the survey — both national and local — black Americans were more likely than white and Hispanic adults to be very closely following most of them . That gap in interest is particularly pronounced between black and white respondents . At the national level , 55 % of black adults said they were very closely following news about the health impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on people like them , substantially more than the 36 % of white adults and the 43 % of Hispanic
Hispanic has grown by 3 points ( from 12 % to
racial / ethnic / cultural diversity . In my opinion , I think Millennials have been trained to provide “ politically correct ” answers when discussing issues of race and ethnicity that hide their true feelings . While the survey results in “ Millennials ’ Judgments About Recent Trends Not So Different ” states that 67 % of interview respondents believed that diversity is a positive thing , that contradicts the vitriolic racism rampant in comment sections on websites , message boards , and other medium
findings from the new poll . Keep in mind that these represent just a small sampling of the kinds of findings you can unearth with the tool , so we encourage you to explore the interactive in more detail yourself . 1Most Americans ( 59 % ) are following the news about the 2020 candidates closely , but far fewer ( 23 % ) are following it very closely at this stage of the race . Even though there is a contested nomination race on the Democratic side , Democrats and
as either not too fair ( 29 % ) or not fair at all ( 27 % ) . Fewer ( 42 % ) say it is very fair ( 2 % ) or moderately fair ( 40 % ) . In both 2015 and 2010 , opinion about the fairness of the tax system was evenly divided . Today , 54 % of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents say the tax system is not too fair or not at all fair ,
relationship is good , with a scant 2 % saying the relationship is very good . However , this represents a more positive evaluation than in 2018 , when only 24 % of Germans said the relationship was going well . This corresponds to an increase in overall favorable views toward the U.S. found in Pew Research Center ’s 2019 Global Attitudes survey , especially among people who place themselves on the ideological right in Germany , even as favorable opinions of the U.S. remain low . Despite
feel more favorably ; 38 % say their opinion of Obama is unchanged as a result of his expression of support for gay marriage . Among younger age groups , half or more – including 62 % of those under 30 – say they opinion of Obama was unaffected by his gay marriage announcement . The opinions of whites largely reflect the population as a whole : 49 % say Obama ’s expression of support for gay marriage did not alter their opinion of the president . Among those who say it did , somewhat more say it made their view of him less favorable than more (
problem by Brazilians . Ongoing investigations of corruption schemes have embroiled congressmen from all major political parties , the runner - up of the last presidential election and a third of Temer ’s top officials . Not surprisingly , 95 % of Brazilians say that corrupt political leaders are a big problem in Brazil , with more than six - in - ten ( 63 % ) saying corruption is a very big problem . 5Only about a quarter of Brazilians believe that political instability will get better . While the impact of the recent charge against the president and other ongoing investigations remains to
it would be acceptable if another country became as militarily powerful as the U.S. Only 40 % of Biden and Bloomberg supporters say this . In addition , when asked about America ’s global status , 51 % of Sanders supporters and 43 % of Warren supporters say there are other countries that are better than the U.S. ; just 17 % of Biden and Buttigieg backers say the same . Most Biden and
their countries of origin . The refugee counts also   do n’t include “ internally displaced persons ” ( IDPs ) – people who   have been uprooted from their homes by “ armed conflict , situations of generalized violence , violations of human rights or natural- or human - made disasters ” but are , for the time being at least , still within the borders of their home countries . Estimates of the number of internally displaced people last year range from 32 million to more than 38 million ;
35 % disapprove ) . By a 62%-25 % margin , more Democrats say their greater concern is that the U.S. will get too involved in the situation , than that the U.S. will not do enough to stop Islamic militants . The public is split over whether the U.S. has a responsibility to act in response to the violence in Iraq : 44 % say that it does compared with 41 % who say it does not . A month ago , more people thought the U.S. did not
the higher education system also differ by educational attainment . Those with a bachelor ’s degree and no further education and those who attended but did n’t finish college are particularly likely to say higher education is going in the wrong direction ( 64 % and 67 % , respectively ) . Smaller shares of those with postgraduate degrees and those with a high school diploma or less say the same ( 56 % in each group
spoken non - English language in the U.S. Meanwhile , the number who speak Spanish at home has grown only 6 % over the same time period . The growth in Arabic language use is tied to continued immigration from the Middle East and North Africa and the growing U.S. Muslim population . The increasing presence of this group is one reason the Census Bureau may add a Middle East / North Africa category to the 2020 census form as part of major changes being considered to questions about race and
concerned their child might ever spend too much time in front of screens , including 31 % who are very concerned about this.1 And some parents with a child in this age range already believe their child spends too much time on certain devices , including a smartphone . ( It is important to note that this survey was fielded before the COVID-19 outbreak in the U.S. that closed many schools and led to widespread shutdowns and stay - at - home orders throughout the country . ) While a majority of parents with a young child say they are very ( 39 % ) or somewhat confident ( 45
about 760,000 . Since the creation of the federal Refugee Resettlement Program in 1980 , about 3 million refugees have been resettled in the U.S. – more than any other country . In fiscal 2019 , a total of 30,000 refugees were resettled in the U.S. The largest origin group of refugees was the Democratic Republic of the Congo , followed by Burma ( Myanmar ) , Ukraine , Eritrea and Afghanistan . Among all refugees admitted in fiscal year 2019 , 4,900 are Muslims ( 16 % ) and 23,800 are Christians
of 18 and 24 ) are the primary exception to this trend — nearly one third of internet users in this age group now use Twitter , up from 18 % in May of 2011 and 16 % in late 2010.3 Twitter use by those in their mid-20s to mid-40s largely leveled off in the last year after roughly doubling between late 2010 and mid 2011 . In addition to increasing on an overall basis , the proportion of young internet
More recently , a September 2019 ruling by the EU court found that Google does not have to apply the “ right to be forgotten ” outside Europe . Indeed , the United States has no law or regulatory requirement about removal of personal information from search results or databases . Several states have considered “ right to be forgotten ” laws , but none have adopted provisions like the EU court ’s ruling . The Center ’s survey finds that large majorities across demographic groups
, most people had relatively positive views toward nearly all religious , racial and ethnic groups asked about . For example , when it comes to religious groups , a majority of Lebanese had favorable views of Christians , Sunnis and Shiites alike . The same was true in India of Hindus and Muslims , as well as in the Philippines of Christians and Muslims . Similarly , when it comes to racial and ethnic groups , Kenyans had favorable views of both the Luo and the Kikuyu , and South Africans had favorable views of white ,
( 49 % ) to say that the country has n’t made enough progress , and Democrats and those who lean to the Democratic Party are more than twice as likely as Republicans and Republican leaners to say the U.S. has n’t gone far enough to give women the same rights as men ( 76 % vs. 33 % ) . Americans are more dissatisfied with the state of gender equality now than when the question was asked in 2017 . Three years ago , half of adults said the country had n’t gone far enough in giving women equal rights with men , compared with 57 % of adults today
two - thirds of Hispanic Democrats (
protect air and water , while 47 % believe it is not possible to protect those resources with fewer regulations . These views differ widely by political party . The survey shows that 54 % of U.S. adults believe the Trump administration is doing too little to protect the environment , while 30 % think the administration is doing “ about the right amount ” and 5 % believe it is doing too much . One consistent theme in the public ’s views about these issues is that Americans as a whole
Americans who say they attend religious services at least weekly – especially white evangelicals – say transgender people should be required to use bathrooms of their gender at birth , while most of those who attend services less often ( particularly people who do not identify with any religion ) take the more liberal position that such individuals should be allowed to use bathrooms that correspond to their gender identity . Also , more women than men take the liberal stance ( 55 % vs. 45 % ) as do young adults when
report setting screen time restrictions for their teen in one way or another . At the same time , some parents of teens admit they also struggle with the allure of screens : 36 % say they themselves spend too much time on their cellphone . And 51 % of teens say they often or sometimes find their parent or caregiver to be distracted by their own cellphone when they are trying to have a conversation with them .
was a bad idea . Opinion was more evenly divided in Spain , where 43 % said the ban is a good idea and 48 % opposed it . However , these views may have changed in Great Britain and elsewhere in Europe since the Pew survey was conducted in the Spring of 2005 . In August 2006 , British authorities foiled a terrorist plot by British Muslims to blow up airliners bound for the United States . And in France , young Muslims were believed to
these job seekers utilized online resources in their most recent search for employment . That is higher than the proportion who made use of close personal connections ( 66 % ) or professional contacts ( 63 % ) and more than twice the proportion who utilized employment agencies , print advertisements , or jobs fairs and other events . Taken together , 80 % of recent job seekers made use of professional contacts , close friends or family , and/or more distant
in favor of more diversity . There are divides , however , within countries across a variety of demographic and political groups . In Europe , North America and Australia , people who are more in favor of diversity tend to be younger , have more education and place themselves on the left end of the political spectrum . In several European countries , people with favorable opinions of right - wing , anti - immigration parties are more opposed to increased diversity in their country
as president , with 77 %
lower than those ages 18 to 64 . And as is true for the population as a whole , there are also substantial differences in technology adoption within the older adult population based on factors such as age , household income and educational attainment . Seniors ages 65 to 69 are about twice as likely as those ages 80 and older to say they ever go online ( 82 % vs. 44 % ) or have broadband at home ( 66 % vs. 28 % ) , and
18 - 64 say they lack health insurance . Among Hispanic children , more than one - third ( 34 % ) of immigrants ages 18 or under are uninsured , compared with 12 % of Hispanics born in the U.S. About 9 % of all children in the U.S. do n’t have health insurance . The Current Population Survey measures coverage shortly after this year ’s health insurance expansion under the Affordable Care Act . However , comparisons to prior years are not possible because
off financially than they were 20 years ago . Just 26 % say they are better off . At the same time , only 15 % of the public believes that children today in Japan will grow up to be better off financially than their parents , while 76 % expect they will be worse off . That is among the lowest level of optimism about the next generation ’s prospects among the 27 nations Pew Research Center surveyed in 2018 . Pessimism about the future may be tied in
statistically different from the ratings recorded in January or September 2018 . ( Even though the 2018 and 2020 surveys produced different estimates of the share of Catholics who view Pope Francis favorably , the differences between the current survey and each of the surveys conducted in 2018 do not pass a test of statistical significance . ) Catholics who attend Mass weekly and those who attend less often have roughly similar views of Pope Francis , with about three - quarters in
ccompanied children under 18 ( those traveling without a parent or guardian ) , were taken into custody , according to U.S. Customs and Border Protection . In June alone , about 10,508 were apprehended by Border Patrol compared with the 27,884 children who were apprehended during all of last fiscal year . The new survey also shows that Hispanics are more likely than U.S. adults overall to have heard about the influx
the economy more closely than any other story . Somewhat fewer ( 23 % ) cited the presidential campaign as their top story . News about the presidential election – much of it focused on the final days of Herman Cain ’s bid for the Republican nomination – topped news coverage , accounting for 23 % of the newshole . News about the economy made up 17 % , according to the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ) . The survey was in the field on Dec. 3 when Cain announced he was suspending his campaign . And , in a week
ers are more likely to say the reason someone is poor generally has more to do with circumstances beyond their control ( 69 % ) than with a lack of effort ( 18 % ) . Among Republicans and Republican leaners , a larger share says a person is poor more because of a lack of effort ( 48 % ) than because of circumstances beyond an individual ’s control ( 31 % ) . Among U.S. adults overall , 52 % point to circumstances beyond a person ’s control , while 31 % say it is a lack of effort on his or her part ; 12 % volunteer both are equal contributors . When it comes to
million unauthorized immigrants is consistent with these recent migration trends . For more information about the unauthorized immigrant population in the United Kingdom or other EU - EFTA countries , see the Center ’s full
U.S. image has suffered in Europe and other parts of the world , in part because of its use of torture in post-9/11 interrogations and fallout from its surveillance programs . A median of 50 % across 40 nations surveyed say they oppose the use of harsh interrogation methods , which were detailed in a widely publicized U.S. Senate report in December 2014 . The U.S. is one of only 12 countries surveyed where half or more approve of their own
it also has the greatest recognition of all the political parties tested . The organization ’s favorability has declined precipitously over the last two years , falling 34 percentage points since 2012 when 65 % of Tunisians held a favorable opinion of the group . Ettakatol , also called the Democratic Forum for Labor and Liberties , and the Congress Party for the Republic garner similar scores . Only about a quarter of Tunisians ( 26 % ) rate these groups favorably
the use of military force in Iraq have been divided along partisan lines since the start of the Iraq War , and during the debate that preceded it . Today , a majority of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 61 % ) say the decision to use force was right , compared with just 27 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners . While both Republicans and Democrats were more supportive of the war initially than they are today , the partisan gap is roughly the same
not large enough to
two more questions than those under age 30 ( 6.7 vs. 4.
68 % in 2007 and 74 % in 2003 . In the same survey , six - in - ten ( 61 % ) agreed that “ labor unions have too much power , ” up from 52 % in 1999 . The findings about eroding public support for unions are consistent with other recent surveys . In August 2009 , Gallup found that fewer than half of Americans ( 48 % ) approve of labor unions , an all - time low for a question that has been asked since 1936 . In August 2008 , 59 % said they approved of labor unions . In
roughly two - thirds of the population is online . It is less common in nations with lower penetration rates , like Indonesia and Uganda . Some nations , such as Venezuela and Egypt , have higher levels of support for internet freedom than might be anticipated , given the degree of online penetration in the country . Meanwhile , support is lower than might be expected in Russia and Pakistan , given the percentage of people who use the internet in those two nations . Other Pew Research surveys have also found relatively low support for democratic rights and institutions in Russia and Pakistan.1 Another caveat in interpreting the results for Pakistan is that a large percentage of respondents
presidential candidates has risen
of suburban whites and 54 % of rural whites . And among blacks , those living in suburban areas are somewhat more likely to be married ( 32 % ) than those living in rural ( 27 % ) or urban ( 26 % ) areas . The fact that people in urban areas are younger , on average , than their suburban and rural counterparts could also contribute to
president , down from more than eight - in - ten Canadians ( 83 % ) in 2016 and half of Mexicans ( 49 % ) in 2015 . While Canadians generally have indicated greater confidence in U.S. presidents than Mexicans have , current Trump confidence levels are lower than both countries ’ Bush - era lows . These countries have generally maintained fairly steady levels of U.S. favorability over the past 15 years , yet they both show a sharp drop in U.S. favorability since Trump took office . Three - in -
how he is viewed abroad . In the eyes of most people surveyed around the world , the White House ’s new occupant is arrogant , intolerant and even dangerous . Among the positive characteristics tested , his highest rating is for being a strong leader . Fewer believe he is charismatic , well - qualified or cares about ordinary people . While the new U.S. president is viewed with doubt and apprehension in many countries
, which began on March
top issue in the news . This compares with 34 % of those following economic news fairly closely and only 18 % of those who are not following economic news closely or at all . Fourteen percent of the public mentioned the possibility of a recession as the economic problem they had been hearing the most about in the news recently , placing it a distant second behind the housing crisis . Rising gas and oil prices were mentioned
speed home internet service . Some 45 % of non - broadband adopters say they do not have high - speed internet at home because their smartphone lets them do everything online that they need to do . This represents an 18 percentage point increase from 2015 , when only 27 % of non - adopters cited their smartphone as a reason for not having home broadband . Roughly four - in - ten non - adopters report having other
Korea ’s nuclear program as a “ major threat ” to the U.S. , up from 64 % in January and as high a share as at any point since 2005 . Majorities in both parties said the U.S. should take the North ’s threats very seriously ; that the North is really willing to follow through on its threats to use nuclear weapons against the U.S. ; and that the North is capable of launching a missile that could reach the U.S. An overwhelming majority of Americans also said they believed Trump is “ really willing ” to use military force against North Korea . In both parties ,
feminist describes them very or somewhat well , compared with 56 % of women with less education . There are sharp partisan divides among women as well . Three - quarters of Democratic and Democratic - leaning women say the term feminist describes them very or somewhat well , compared with 42 % of Republican and Republican - leaning women . Among Democratic women , those with a bachelor ’s degree or higher are more likely than those with less education to say feminist describes them well . In fact , 37 % say the term describes them very well . Among
among Web respondents ( 41 % vs. 32 % ) . Despite the sizeable differences between the Web and mail samples , most survey estimates produced by Web surveys will be a little different from those produced by surveys that cover the entire public . Of 406 separate estimates taken from nine waves of the American Trends Panel , just nine of them differed by 5 percentage points or more . Perhaps not surprisingly , all nine are related to internet or digital technology use . A Web - only survey estimated that 82 % of the public uses the internet on a daily basis , while the full sample ( including non - internet users ) finds 69 % go online daily . Similarly
time playing video games , while a similar share ( 22 % ) feels they spend too little time doing so . And as with video game playing in general , these findings differ by gender . Four - in - ten boys ages 13 to 17 ( 41 % ) say they spend too much time playing video games , nearly four times the share of girls who say the same ( 11 % ) . And a larger share of boys ( 65 % ) than girls ( 50 % ) have cut back on the amount of time they spend playing games . Three - in - ten girls believe they spend too little time playing games , a view
close interest from 23 % of the public both times it was included ( Jan. 31 - Feb. 3 and April 4 - 7 ) . The current survey finds only slight partisan differences in interest in the gun control debate . About four - in - ten Republicans ( 41 % ) , 37 % of independents and 34 % of Democrats say they are following news about the debate very closely . Following a disappointing jobs report on April 5
their top story of the week . The crisis and efforts to stop the economic slide also dominated news coverage . According to the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ) , 26 % of the newshole was devoted to economic storylines . Obama ’s budget proposal took up another 12 % and the president ’s policy speech before Congress accounted for another 10 % of the newshole . In the survey , most people ( 88 % ) say they
a rally or protest about the issue of guns in the
levels in Afghanistan . Currently , 27 % say they followed news about the debate over troop levels very closely . In early December of 2009 , 43 % said they followed news about Obama ’s decision to send more troops to the war zone very closely . At that point , coverage of the war and Obama ’s revamped strategy accounted for 27 % of the newshole examined by PEJ , making
English proficiently ,
and eight points , respectively ) , while Republicans ’ sympathies are unchanged . Differences in sympathies correlate with approval of Obama ’s executive action . Among those who sympathize with immigrants in the U.S. illegally , 62 % approve and 35 % disapprove of his action . By contrast , just 14 % of those who do not sympathize with unauthorized immigrants approve
Hispanic population in the nation , behind California and Texas . It is also growing faster than Florida ’s population . Today 24 % of Floridians are Hispanic , up from 17 % in 2000 . Overall , 1.8 million Hispanics were registered to vote in Florida as of February 2016 , according to the state ’s Division of Elections . Among all Floridians , registered Democrats outnumber Republicans in 2016 . This is due in part to Hispanics ,
to our 2013 survey . Among working Millennial mothers ( ages 18 to 32 in 2013 ) , 58 % say that being a working mother makes it harder for them to get ahead at work . Among Millennial fathers who are working , only 19 % say that being a working father makes it harder for them to advance at work . One reason mothers are more likely than fathers to say it ’s harder to get ahead in the workplace may be that women are much more likely than men to experience a variety of family - related career interruptions . About four - in - ten working mothers ( 42
now make up over 80 % of Americans age 65 and older – has held relatively conservative views on social issues and the role of government for most of their lives . Their growing unease , and even anger , about the direction of the country in recent years has moved them further toward the GOP , largely erasing the Democratic Party ’s advantage in affiliation . While the political divides between young and old are deep , there are potential fissures at both ends of
it would be acceptable if another country became as militarily powerful as the U.S. Only 40 % of Biden and Bloomberg supporters say this . In addition , when asked about America ’s global status , 51 % of Sanders supporters and 43 % of Warren supporters say there are other countries that are better than the U.S. ; just 17 % of Biden and Buttigieg backers say the same . Most Biden and
, two - thirds of blacks share the concern that too many low - income people are dependent on government aid . African Americans are highly patriotic ( but more dubious than whites about the efficacy of military force ) , and are as supportive of efforts to protect the environment and concerned about a concentration of economic power as are whites . And on issues relating to religion and morality , blacks are solidly in the conservative mainstream . Still , as noted above , there is no question
Currently , about eight - in - ten Republicans ( 82 % ) disapprove of Obama ’s performance , while views among independents remain mixed ( 48 % disapprove , 44 % approve ) . Obama continues to receive positive ratings from about eight - in - ten Democrats ( 79 % approve , 16 % disapprove ) . Ratings of Obama among partisans and independents are relatively unchanged over the last year . Obama ’s approval ratings continue to differ by generation , with younger generations more likely to view his job performance positively . Currently 55 % of Millennials ( those now ages 18 - 34 ) approve
are more likely than other religious groups in this analysis to say their faith has grown stronger as a result of the pandemic , a feeling that is reported by 56 % of Protestants in the historically black tradition , as well as by four - in - ten evangelicals ( 42 % ) and roughly one - quarter of Catholics ( 27 % ) and mainline Protestants ( 22 % ) . Jews , on the other hand , are more likely to say their faith has n’t changed much ( 69 % ) or that the question is n’t applicable to them because they are not religious ( 22 % ) than
70 % of adults
% vs. 5 % ) . Views of economic news turned much more negative last August , amid fears that the economy could be slipping back into recession . At that point , 67 % said they were hearing mostly bad news about the economy Majorities of each partisan group say they are hearing a mix of good and bad economic news , but Democrats are much more likely than Republicans or independents to say they are hearing mostly good news . Democrats are about equally likely
thirds ( 67 % ) of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents and 63 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say most or almost everyone in their family shares their political views . And 61 % of Republicans and 58 % of Democrats say their family is OK with talking about politics . Among those who say almost everyone in their family shares their political views ( 22 % of the public ) , an overwhelming share ( 82 % ) says their
44 % of Democrats who say the same . GOP views have improved substantially since Donald Trump ’s election . Democratic views have changed little following the shift in administration . Democrats are somewhat less positive about their future personal financial situation than they were during Barack Obama ’s presidency , while Republicans have become more bullish . Today Republicans are 19 percentage points more likely to say they expect their personal finances to improve over the next year ( 82 % vs. 63 % ) . Throughout much of Obama ’s tenure , the expectations gap was the reverse . The survey finds that Americans
than eight - in - ten Kerry voters ( 85 % ) say they are dissatisfied with the state of the nation , while just 10 % are satisfied . Bush voters are overwhelmingly satisfied ( 71 % ) , but a sizable minority ( 22 % ) have a negative view of national conditions . By 53%-40 % , more non - voters say they are dissatisfied with the state of the nation . While public interest is dipping , most Americans show at least
15,000 apiece . ) But the averages obscure considerable variation : Nearly 40 % of borrowers in 2012 owed less than $ 10,000 , and almost 30 % owed between $ 10,000 and $ 25,000 . Not quite 18 % owed between $ 25,000 and $ 50,000 , while the remaining 13 % or so owed more than $ 50,000 ( including roughly 230,000 borrowers , or 0.6 % ,
economic relations with the mainland ; 44 % oppose this idea . The prospects of closer political relations are much less popular . Roughly a third ( 36 % ) support closer collaboration with Beijing , while about six - in - ten oppose . These opinions are in part related to partisan identification , age and whether people identify solely as Taiwanese . Those who feel closest to the Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) – Taiwan ’s liberal ruling party that takes a stronger pro - independence
States ( 43 % ) . The survey by the Pew Research Center ’s Global Attitudes Project , conducted March 21 to May 15 , also finds that social networking is popular in many nations around the globe . This is especially true in Israel ( 53 % ) and the U.S. ( 50 % ) , where half or more say they use social networking websites . More than four - in - ten use these sites in Britain ( 43 % ) , Russia ( 43 % ) and Spain ( 42 % ) . Social networking is generally more common in higher income nations ; however , this is largely
the relationship between the United States and Germany is good has risen from 24 % in 2018 to 34 % this year . But while Germans are now more positive about the relationship than in 2018 , their outlook is still more negative than in 2017 . Americans ’ evaluation of the bilateral relationship , on the other hand , is at its highest point in three years of surveys . 2 Americans and Germans differ over which country is most important to their own nation ’s foreign policy . In the U.S. ,
34 % say it does a good job ) , helping people get out of poverty ( 36 % ) and effectively handling threats to public health ( 42 % ) . Partisanship continues to be a major factor in attitudes about the government ’s performance and its role . Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are broadly positive about the government ’s performance in most areas . Still , while substantial majorities of Republicans say the government is doing well in dealing
the 2,204 respondents , just one said that VoIP is used in the home , showing the low rate of consumer adoption of the technology so far . The questions on VoIP in the February 2004 survey were developed in collaboration with the New Millennium Research Council . The council can be found at http://www.newmillenniumresearch.org/. Those who have heard of VoIP service fit the classic “ early adopter ” profile of those who embrace
public was dissatisfied and only 4 % satisfied . Views of the current state of the nation vary by gender , educational attainment , political affiliation and religious devotion among Turkey ’s Muslims ( estimated to be around 98 % of the population ) . For example , men are equally divided on the country ’s direction ( 48 % are satisfied , 48 % are dissatisfied ) , but only four - in - ten Turkish women feel positively about the way things are going while 53 % have a negative outlook . Those Turks with less than secondary education are more satisfied with the direction of the country ( 49 % satisfied ) , compared to those with a post - secondary
sentiment . Just 39 % in Greece expressed positive views of the U.S. , among the lowest measured in the spring 39 - nation survey . Only publics in Turkey , the Palestinian territories , Egypt , Jordan , and Pakistan thought worse of America . This negative impression of the U.S. coincides with less than stellar views of President Obama . Only about a third of Greeks ( 35 % ) have confidence in the American president to handle international affairs , with 62 % expressing little or
is better off waiting to have children ,
% have used six or more . At the same time , around one - quarter of Americans ( 28 % ) say they have not used any major shared or on - demand platforms , and many are wholly unfamiliar with the tools and vocabulary of the new digital economy . For instance , 15 % of Americans have used ride - hailing apps like Uber or Lyft , but twice as many have never heard of these apps before . Similarly , 11 % of Americans have used home -
their own lives . And a slightly smaller majority of Americans ( 63 % ) think the impact of these companies on society as a whole has been more good than bad . At the same time , their responses highlight an undercurrent of public unease about the technology industry and its broader role in society . When presented with several statements that might describe these firms , a 65 % majority of Americans feel the statement “ they often fail to anticipate how their products and services will impact society ” describes them well – while just 24 % think these firms “ do enough to protect the
native - born parents ) say the same . For both groups , the share saying the impact of unauthorized immigration is positive has grown since 2010 — up 11 percentage points among second generation Hispanics and up 10 percentage points among third generation Hispanics . Nonetheless , not all native - born Latinos say the impact of unauthorized immigration on U.S. Latinos is positive . Among third generation Latinos , one - third ( 32 % ) say the impact of unauthorized
about half as many ( 31 % ) saw the shooting in Tucson as a reflection of broader problems in American society . By comparison , Americans were more likely to see broader problems behind the Virginia Tech shootings nearly four years ago — at that time , 46 % thought the tragic events reflected broader societal problems . Those who see broader social problems behind the shooting offer a variety of explanations . When asked to describe , in their own words , what the
class is ahead of the middle
users are just as likely as others to watch news on a TV , and just
. Those who closely followed the rescue of three climbers stranded on Oregon ’s Mt. Hood also approve of the media ’s coverage of that story . Fully 25 % say the media did an excellent job and another 54 % say they did a good job . The press receives lower ratings for its coverage of Iraq from those who were following that story closely – 13 % rate the coverage excellent , 37 % say it ’s
new to politics . A mid - October Wall Street Journal / NBC News poll found that 57 % of Republican primary voters are enthusiastic about or comfortable with a person who is not a politician . That poll found the opposite to be true among non - Republican primary voters – 76 % have reservations or are uncomfortable with a lack of experience . 3Republicans still overwhelmingly oppose Obamacare and the Iran nuclear agreement . About six - in - ten Republicans
have heard about each
but down from annual growth of more than 3 % in earlier years . Despite the slowdown , population growth among Hispanics continues to outpace that of some other groups . The white population slightly declined , with an average growth rate that fell slightly below zero between 2015 and 2019 , while the Black population grew by less than 1 % per year over the same period . Only Asian Americans have seen faster population growth than Hispanics , increasing by 2.4 % per
is excellent or good . These views have changed only modestly over the past two years . But between November 2016 ( just before Trump ’s victory in the presidential election ) and March 2017 the share of Republicans with a positive view of the economy approximately doubled , from 18 % to 37 % . And by November 2018 , they had doubled again , to 75 % . By contrast , Democrats ’ assessments of economic conditions have changed only modestly since before Trump took office . Currently , 39 % of Democrats and
9/11 veterans . About a third ( 35 % ) of post-9/11 veterans say they sought professional help to deal with those experiences , and a similar share say that – regardless of whether they have sought help – they think they have suffered from post - traumatic stress ( PTS ) . 2 A majority of veterans say they have felt proud of their service since leaving the military . Roughly two - thirds of all veterans ( 68 % ) say , in the first few years after leaving the military , they frequently felt proud of their military service . An additional 22 % say they sometimes felt proud , and 9 % say they
is mostly bad . The public ’s views of news about the job situation and prices for food and consumer goods have moved in the opposite directions since December . Currently , 43 % say the news about the job situation is mostly bad , down 23 points since December . By contrast , 59 % say they are hearing mostly bad news about food and consumer prices . That is little changed from last month ( 62 % ) , but is up 18 points since December 2010 . Moreover , opinions of the
of those 30 - 49 , say they tracked news about Iraq very closely . That compares with 36 % of those 65 and older and 34 % of those 50 to 64 . However , the World Cup is a different story . About a quarter ( 24 % ) of those under 30 say they are closely following the World Cup – making it by far the story they express the most interest in . Young people are more likely than older age groups to be closely following the World Cup . There also are partisan differences in interest in the week ’s news stories , particularly reports about the lost IRS emails . A third of Republicans
in mid - March . Concern over possible terrorism has fluctuated over the past year , but this is the highest level measured since February 2003 ( 34 % ) . The public ’s evaluations of how well the government is doing in defending the country against terrorism have changed little compared with two years ago . Six - in - ten say the government is doing an excellent ( 14 % ) or good job ( 46 % ) in defending against terrorism , which is similar to August 2002 ( 57 % ) . Republicans are strongly positive about the government ’s anti - terrorism efforts : 77 % rate the performance as excellent or good compared
, just 49 % are favorably inclined toward America . Again , some of the steepest declines in U.S. image are found among long - standing allies . Since 2002 , when Pew Research Center first asked about America ’s image abroad , favorable opinion of the U.S. has frequently tracked with confidence in the country ’s president . Prior to this spring , one of the biggest shifts in attitudes toward the U.S. occurred
at 73 million in 2004 . Since the Boomer electorate is declining in size and the Millennial electorate will continue to grow , mainly through immigration and naturalization , it is only a matter of time before Millennials are the largest generation in the electorate . While the growth in the number of Millennials who are eligible to vote underscores the potential electoral clout of today ’s young adults , Millennials remain far from the largest generational
express a neutral   view . Liberal Democrats are more likely than conservative and moderate Democrats to rate professors warmly , though majorities of both groups do so ( 76 % and 56 % , respectively ) . Views among Republicans are much chillier : 43 % give cold ratings to college professors , including about a quarter ( 27 % ) who give a very cold rating . A significantly smaller share of Republicans ( 30 % ) give professors a warm rating , while 25 % take
to be granted legal status . Overall , 86 % say it is either very ( 52 % ) or somewhat ( 34 % ) important to increase the number of judges handling asylum cases . Nearly as many ( 82 % ) say it is important to provide safe and sanitary conditions for asylum seekers once they arrive in the United States , including 52 % who say this is very important . The public also emphasizes stemming the flow of people to the border : 74 % say it is at least somewhat important to reduce the number of people coming to the U.S. to seek asylum , and 69 % say it is important to
have a high - speed
Generation . People ’s views of the best president of their lifetimes are partly tied to their ages . Millennials , who are currently ages 22 to 37 , are far more likely than older generations to name Obama as one of the best presidents in their lifetimes : About six - in - ten Millennials ( 62 % ) view Obama as one of the top two , with nearly half , 46 % , naming him the best president . Older generations are much more likely than Millennials
independents ( 80 % ) . However , the Senate bill on background checks is far more divisive . Republicans are decidedly less supportive of this legislation than of the general idea of making private gun sales subject to background checks ; 57 % support the Senate bill , while 81 % favor expanding background checks . Many of those who have reservations about the bill express concerns that it includes other restrictions beyond background checks , or that it opens a “ slippery slope ” toward more government power . The survey finds that gun control supporters continue to lag gun rights advocates on most measures of political activism .
44 hardest - hit congressional districts – the top 10 % in terms of deaths – 41 are represented by Democrats , while three are represented by Republicans . These include the New York - area districts , as well as those in the Boston , Detroit and New Orleans metropolitan areas . The average death toll in each of these hardest - hit districts was 1,122 as of May 20 . The next 100 hardest - hit districts , which represent the remainder of the top third of districts , with an average of 270 deaths , also are disproportionately represented by Democrats : 75 are represented by Democrats , 25 by Republicans .
) of adults younger
the relationship between the United States and Germany is good has risen from 24 % in 2018 to 34 % this year . But while Germans are now more positive about the relationship than in 2018 , their outlook is still more negative than in 2017 . Americans ’ evaluation of the bilateral relationship , on the other hand , is at its highest point in three years of surveys . 2 Americans and Germans differ over which country is most important to their own nation ’s foreign policy . In the U.S
immigrants since 2009 , the shares of unauthorized immigrants from other nations and regions have grown .   The sudden reversal of a long trend of growth in the number of Mexican unauthorized immigrants probably results from both a marked decline in new arrivals and an increase in departures to Mexico . While the number of unauthorized immigrants leveled off nationally from 2009 to 2012 , there were increases in seven states and declines in 14 . Six states — California , Texas , Florida , New York , New Jersey and Illinois — accounted for 60 % of unauthorized immigrants in
providing health insurance at all . The issue of the government ’s responsibility in ensuring health coverage remains politically divisive . More than eight - in - ten Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 85 % ) say this responsibility falls to the federal government , while about two - thirds of Republicans and Republican leaners ( 68 % ) say it does not . Still , a majority of Republicans ( 55 % ) say the government “ should continue programs like Medicare and Medica
compared with 32 % of
data from 2015 . In 2013 , that share was lower , at 8 % . This group is more likely to be younger , lower - income , less educated , or black or Hispanic – the same groups that also have lower rates of home broadband adoption , suggesting that some are forgoing high - speed internet service and depending on their phones instead . In a series of studies , Pew Research Center has investigated smartphone adoption patterns and how people experience the internet using a smartphone . The
Democrats are more likely than Republicans to say they are especially looking forward to the Academy Awards ( 36 % vs. 20 % ) . With coverage under the 2010 health care law going into effect Jan. 1 , 30 % of adults closely followed news about the rollout last week . About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) closely followed news about the economy . Other news stories last week garnered less interest . Fewer than two - in - ten
the Latino population today . Among these adults , belief in some aspects of the American dream fades as their immigrant roots grow distant . Eight - in - ten immigrant Latinos said in 2016 that their own standard of living is better than that of their parents , and just as many expected their children will be better off . Among second - generation Hispanics ( the U.S.-born children of immigrant parents ) , these shares were 75 % and 71
are very strong . Fewer than half of Americans say there are strong or very strong conflicts between young people and older people ( 41 % ) or between people who live in cities and those in rural areas ( 40 % ) . Both Republicans and GOP - leaning independents ( 94 % ) and Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 92 % ) overwhelmingly see strong conflicts between the two parties , and seven - in - ten or more in both parties say they are very strong
’ve been unfairly stopped , versus 31 % of black women . 3White Democrats and white Republicans have vastly different views of how black people are treated by police and the wider justice system . Overwhelming majorities of white Democrats say black people are treated less fairly than whites by the police ( 88 % ) and the criminal justice system ( 86 % ) , according to the 2019 poll . About four - in - ten white Republicans agree (
quality of life for women . About three - quarters ( 73 % ) of women said it ’s easier for men to get elected to high political office , while 58 % of men agreed . And 38 % of women said that having more women in top political or business leadership positions would improve the quality of life for all women “ a lot . ” Only half as many men ( 19 % ) agreed . There were similar differences by political party on
public , Obama ’s approval trend has been more stable during the past year ( Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , 2011a ) . His current rating—46%—is still somewhat lower among the general public than among Latinos , but this gap has narrowed significantly in the past year . Among Latinos who disapprove of the Obama administration ’s deportation policy , just 36 % approve of the president ’s overall job performance while 54 % disapprove . The survey finds that jobs , education and health care are the top issues for Hispanic registered voters as they think about the upcoming presidential election . Half identify jobs
% ) also think refugees will increase terrorism in their country . ( The survey was conducted prior to terrorist attacks in France and Germany that occurred over the summer . ) Additionally , many Europeans believe refugees are a burden to society because they take jobs and social benefits that would otherwise be available to citizens of each nation . Overall , a median of 50 % across the 10 countries surveyed says this . Only in Sweden and Germany do majorities say the opposite – that refugees make their country stronger because of their hard work and talents . On
society is in need . Nearly six - in - ten in the U.S. ( 58 % ) believe allowing everyone to pursue their life ’s goals without interference from the state is more important . Majorities in all European nations polled in 2011 said guaranteeing that nobody is in need is more important . 3There is greater tolerance in the U.S. than in Europe for
( 10 % ) . Christian Nigerians worried about Islamic extremism are also most concerned about the violent nature of extremist groups ( 64 % ) . Amid the plethora of terrorist attacks in Nigeria ’s north , support among Nigerian Muslims for suicide bombing has plummeted since 2010 – from 34 % three years ago to just 8 % today . Since 2010 , Nigerian Muslims have also grown increasingly negative towards the extre
because it takes money away from schools , health care and other public services — a common theme in the protests that have swept the country since June 2013 . Just 34 % think the World Cup , which Brazil will host for the first time since 1950 and which could attract more than 3.5 million people to the nation ’s twelve host cities , will create more jobs and help the economy . There is also skepticism about the international
from 20.1 % in 1983 , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . ( At their peak in 1954 , 34.8 % of all U.S. wage and salary workers belonged to unions , according to the Congressional Research Service . ) While the unionization rate among public - sector workers has held fairly steady over that 30 - year span ( just over a third of government workers are unionized ) , it ’s plummeted in the private sector — from 16.8 % in 1983 to 6.7 % three decades later . The reasons for that decline are many and heatedly debated —
level exceeding 34 % — even if everyone who had heard of it trusted it . 2Is a news organization not trusted ? Or just not well known ?   An alternative way to analyze the data is to look at the percent of trust among those who have heard of the news organization . This approach means that lesser - known outlets may be seen as equally trusted as better - known outlets . By this metric , several of the best - known sources sit
as of 2016 , similar to the share of Gen X workers ( 21.8 % ) in 2000 . One factor that may be contributing to Millennials staying with employers longer is their relatively high levels of education , which is typically associated with longer tenure . Among 25- to 35 - year - old workers in 2016 , 38 % of Millennial men and 46 % of Millennial women had completed at least a bachelor
While most Pakistanis remain unhappy with the country ’s direction , the public mood is more positive than it has been in recent years . While only 25 % are satisfied with the way things are going in Pakistan , this is a significant improvement from the 8 % who felt that way in 2013 . The percentage saying the economy is in good shape has more than doubled since last year , rising from 17 % to 37 % . And 36 % now expect the economy to improve in the next 12 months . Moreover , while Pakistanis still believe their country faces a long list of challenges ,
next most visible presidential hopeful . Only 2 % named John Edwards . Sen. Clinton ’s dominance is evident even among Republicans , 29 % of whom said she was the candidate they ’d been hearing about the most . Clinton also leads in terms of visibility across many demographic groups . For men and women , whites and blacks , and individuals from high - income and low - income households , Clinton is the candidate they ’ve heard most about in the news . Only among young people is another candidate as visible : Three - in - ten Americans ( 29 % ) under the age of 30 named Barack Obama as the
2007 to 2017 . ) The majority of Iraqis ( 68 % ) issued special immigrant visas entered the U.S. prior to fiscal 2014 . For Afghans , the opposite is true : Nearly all ( 92 % ) received special visas starting in fiscal 2014 . Changes in visa allowances set by Congress are a key reason for the shifting balance of Iraqi and Afghan special visa recipients . The application process can cost thousands of dollars and typically takes about one to three years to complete . More than 9,000 principal applicants from Afghanistan and almost 100 from Iraq had applications pending as of June 30 , 2017 ,
positive effect on the nation . There are more modest partisan divisions on other survey questions about the impact of higher education . In a study last year of attitudes about the state of American jobs , majorities in both parties – regardless of their level of educational attainment – said a four - year degree prepares someone very or somewhat well for a well - paying job in today ’s economy . However , Democrats and Democratic leaners were more likely than Republicans and Republican leaners to
. 4Fewer members of Congress have prior military experience than in the past . As the share of Americans who are veterans has declined , so has the share of Congress members who have previously served in the military . In the current Congress , 20 % of senators and 19 % of representatives had prior military service , down drastically from just a few
owning a mobile device . About half of Indians who own a cell phone use them to send text messages , but only 37 % use the devices to take pictures or video . Even smaller shares of mobile phone owners use the devices to access a social networking site ( 9 % ) or to get political news and information ( 8 % ) . These figures are well below the median percentages that we found in other emerging and developing countries . Still , the technology market
to 90 % during
would become more democratic . The latest Pew Research Center survey , conducted July 14 - 20 , 2015 among 2,002 adults , finds that support for renewed U.S. diplomatic relations with Cuba has increased across nearly all partisan groups since January . Currently , 56 % of Republicans say they approve of the U.S. re - establishing diplomatic relations with Cuba , up 16 percentage points since January . Larger majorities of Democrats ( 83 % ) and independents ( 75 % ) favor renewed diplomatic relations with Cuba , up nine and eight percentage points , respectively , since then . There has been a similar shift
% of white evangelicals say that people like themselves will gain influence under Obama , compared with 31 % who say they will lose influence and 27 % who say they will not be affected . The two groups in which pluralities said that people like themselves will lose influence under Obama were McCain voters and Republicans . About four - in - ten McCain voters ( 42 % ) said they would lose influence , 34 % said they would not be affected , while 19 % said
their main source . An analysis of how different generations are getting their news suggests that these trends are likely to continue . In 2010 , for the first time , the internet has surpassed television as the main source of national and international news for people younger than 30 . Since 2007 , the number of 18 to 29 year olds citing the internet as their main source has nearly doubled , from 34 % to 65 % . Over this period , the number of young people citing television as their main news source has dropped from 68 % to 52 % . Among those 30 to 49 , the internet is on track to
are well - off . Median annual   household income for Indian Americans in 2010 was $ 88,000 , much higher than for all Asian Americans ( $ 66,000 ) and all U.S. households ( $ 49,800 ) — perhaps not surprising , given their high education levels . Only 9 % of adult Indian Americans live in poverty , compared with 12 % of Asian Americans overall and 13 % of the U.S. population . In
% loss from 2000 to 2010 . Population growth was once the norm in Puerto Rico . The island ’s population grew by 10 % from 1980 to 1990 , and by 8 % from 1990 to 2000 . But as the effects of a decade - long economic recession have mounted , Puerto Ricans – who are U.S. citizens at birth – have increasingly moved to the U.S. mainland , with many settling in Florida . In addition , fertility on the island has declined
sillusioned . In addition to their mixed views on democracy , many Turks are dissatisfied with the direction of their country . Turks name rising prices , crime and inequality as the problems they worry about most . And as far as trust in national institutions , the military is the only one that Turks say has a good influence on the country . Views of the police , national government , religious leaders and the courts are mixed , while views
tracking the current protests very closely , a sharp contrast with the intense Republican interest in early Tea Party protests in 2009 . Meanwhile , perceptions of the tone of economic news have changed little since early September , though they have improved since the start of August . Currently , 58 % say they are hearing mostly bad news about the economy , 39 % say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news and just 1 % say they are hearing mostly good economic news . This is a modest improvement
Democratic - leaning independents , while 13 % lean toward the Republican Party . Just 7 % of Americans decline to lean toward a party , a share that has changed little in recent years . This is a long - standing dynamic that has been the subject of past analyses , both by Pew Research Center and others . In their political attitudes and views of most issues , independents who lean toward a party are in general agreement with those who affiliate with the same party . For example , Republican - leaning independents are less supportive of Donald Trump than are Republican identifiers . Still , about 70 % of GOP leaners approved of his
incidents rose 67 % , from 154 in 2014 to 257 in 2015 . As in previous years , the largest number of all types of hate crime incidents against religious groups targeted Jews . In 2016 , there were 684 anti - Jewish hate crime incidents , marking a slight increase from 664 in 2015 . By comparison , in 2016 , there were 62 hate crimes against Catholics and 15 against Protestants . Amid the recent rise in incidents of hate crimes , most Muslims in the U.S. say their
s working fathers are just as likely as working mothers to say that finding the right balance between their job and their family life is a challenge for them , Pew Research Center has found . Fully half of working dads say it ’s difficult for them to balance these competing responsibilities ; 56 % of working moms say the same . And about the same share of working dads ( 34 % ) and moms ( 40 % ) say they “ always feel rushed ” in their day - to -
( 9 points ) . Finally , among Americans and Germans , political conservative are especially likely to believe their culture is superior to others . In the U.S. , 63 % of conservatives take this view , compared with 45 % of moderates and just 34 % of liberals . Similarly , a majority ( 54 % ) of right - wing Germans see their culture as superior , while 47 % of moderates and 33 % of those on the political
increased offshore energy drilling is approaching its pre - Gulf spill level ; in February 2010 , the public backed increased offshore drilling by about two - to - one ( 63 % to 31 % ) . The survey shows that substantial majorities continue to support increased federal funding for research on wind , solar and hydrogen technology ( 74 % ) , spending more on subway , rail and bus systems ( 61 % ) , and providing tax incentives for the purchase of hybrid vehicles ( 58 % ) . These
21 % think it is because of increased risk , including physical risks as well as the risk of getting scammed or lied to . Women are twice as likely as men to cite increased risk as a reason why dating is harder ( 26 % vs. 13 % ) . Other reasons why people think dating is harder include technology ( 12 % ) , the idea that dating has become more impersonal ( 10 % ) , the more casual nature of dating today ( 9 % ) , and changing societal expectations , moral or gender roles ( 8 % ) . Technology tops the list of reasons why people think dating
21.7 % to 14.5 % . This industry includes a wide swath of occupations – from air traffic controllers to bus drivers to flight attendants . Unionization rates actually have risen , albeit slightly and from low bases , in a few occupational groups : In legal occupations , for instance , the unionization rate rose from 5.1 % in
, 56 % of Boomers favor same - sex marriage , while 39 % are opposed . Last year , opinion among Boomers was divided ( 46 % favored/48 % opposed ) . African Americans . Blacks have long been less supportive of same - sex marriage when compared with whites , but the share of African Americans who favor same - sex marriage has risen 12 percentage points since 2015 , from 39 % to 51 % . Republicans . For the first time , a majority of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents
expanding the wall . Note :
just 32 % of Democratic partisans who think that . Younger adults ( ages 18 to 29 ) are particularly likely to think the marches will increase public support for science ( 55 % ) . In contrast , 54 % of seniors 65 and older believe the recent science marches will make no difference to public support for science ; just 29 % say the marches will help . These are some of the findings from a Pew Research Center survey conducted among a nationally representative sample of 1,01
( 10 % ) . Christian Nigerians worried about Islamic extremism are also most concerned about the violent nature of extremist groups ( 64 % ) . Amid the plethora of terrorist attacks in Nigeria ’s north , support among Nigerian Muslims for suicide bombing has plummeted since 2010 – from 34 % three years ago to just 8 % today . Since 2010 , Nigerian Muslims have also grown increasingly negative towards the extre
51 % approve , 44 % disapprove ) . For every issue , including terrorism , his ratings are lower than they were earlier this year . Obama ’s job ratings on the economy have been more negative than positive for more than four years , but the current measure is the worst of his presidency . Just 31 % approve of the way Obama is handling the economy , while 65 % disapprove . Only about one - in - five independents ( 21 % ) give Obama positive marks on the economy , while 75 % disapprove . About a third of Democrats (
2008 to January 2009 – from 61 % to 82 % . Currently , 84 % say that improving the job situation should be a top priority for the president and Congress . And while the percentage saying that reducing the budget deficit should be a top priority also has steadily increased , crime concerns have plummeted . A decade ago , 76 % said that reducing crime should be a top priority ; just 44 % currently rate reducing crime as
( 430,000 voters ) . The vast majority of California ’s immigrant eligible voters ( 75 % ) have lived in the United States for more than 20 years . The share is highest ( 82 % ) among California ’s Latino immigrant voters . Smaller majorities of Asian ( 71 % ) , white ( 71 % ) and black ( 59 % ) immigrant eligible voters in California have lived in the country for at least two decades . English proficiency varies widely among the
best about their economy , though their mood has worsened 10 percentage points from last year . About half ( 52 % ) of the British are also upbeat about economic conditions , and this proportion is up 37 points from 2013 . The Italians ( 12 % ) and the French ( 14 % ) are the gloomiest about their economy . The overall leavening of the public mood about current economic conditions has not translated into significant optimism about the economic future , however . A median of just 24 % of Europeans
% unfavorable ) . As Congress continues to debate the budget and government spending , majorities are critical of the way that both parties handle these issues . Nearly two - thirds ( 64 % ) say the Republican Party is “ too willing to cut government programs even when they work . ” About as many ( 61 % ) say the Democratic Party “ too
having their relationship recognized in a religious ceremony ( 30 % ) ,   financial stability ( 28 % ) or legal rights and benefits ( 23 % ) were very important reasons to marry . However , being a   good financial provider   was seen as particularly important for men to be a good husband or partner , according to a 2017 survey by the Center . About seven - in - ten adults ( 71 % ) said it
added to make the question read , “ Is this person Spanish / Hispanic / Latino ? ” In recent years , the Census Bureau has studied an alternative approach to counting Hispanics that combines the questions that ask about Hispanic origin and race . However , this change did not appear in the 2020 census . Note : This is an update to a post originally published on May 28 , 2009 , by Jeffrey S. Passel , senior demo
0.4 % ) . That stability stands in contrast to U.S. Christians overall , whose share of the population has dropped by nearly 8 percentage points ( from 78.4 % to 70.6 % ) over that same period . Seventh - day Adventists are among the most racially and ethnically diverse American religious groups : 37 % are white , while 32 % are black , 15 % are Hispanic
are fluctuating nationally , while 30 % want to hear about how rising gas prices are impacting the nation ’s economy . Only about a quarter ( 24 % ) say they are mainly interested in knowing the price of gas in their area . Two - thirds of Americans ( 67 % ) cite a media source as their main source of information about gasoline prices . Television is mentioned most frequently : 42 % rely mainly on television news for information about gas prices ; 13 % newspapers ; 7 % the internet ; and 5 % cite radio news . Another 22 % of Americans say they learn about the price of gas
just 23 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say that the worst is behind us when it comes to problems from the coronavirus ; more than three times as many Democrats ( 76 % ) say the worst is still to come . This is a more modest change from April , when an even larger majority of Democrats ( 87 % ) said the worst was still to come . Among the public overall , health concerns from the coronavirus have changed little over the past two months : 62 % are very or somewhat concerned they might unknowingly spread the coronavirus to others , including 30 % who are very
2020 and 2100 , the number of people ages 80 and older is expected to increase from 146 million to 881 million . Starting in 2073 , there are projected to be more people ages 65 and older than under age 15 – the first time this will be the case . Contributing factors to the rise in the median age are the increase in life expectancy and falling fertility rates . 3Africa is the only world region projected
say that I would agree with such a practice . ” “ When you mix human and nonhuman genetics I believe that will cause extreme problems down the road . ” “ Animal organs are not made for humans even though some animal and human organs may be very similar . Who knows what side effects this could cause ? Even human - to - human organ transplants often reject , so I can only imagine the bad side effects that an animal - to - human transplant would cause . Keep things simple and the way nature intended . ” Genetic engineering could produce more nutritious meat by altering animal proteins . Those
000 native - born and foreign - born Latino adults . The report relies on respondents ’ ratings of their English - speaking skills , their English - reading skills , their level of English use at home , and their level of English use at work . Unless otherwise noted , this report uses the following definitions of the first , second and third and higher generations : First : Those born outside the United States ; includes those born in Puerto Rico . Second : Born in the United States , with at least one first -
among those ages 50 to 64 and to 49 % among those 65 and older . About three - quarters of adults ages 18 to 29 ( 77 % ) also say Trump and his administration get their facts right about the coronavirus pandemic only some of the time or hardly ever . That number drops to 68 % , 61 % and 56 % , respectively , among the three older groups . The youngest adults are also less likely than other age groups , especially those over age 50 , to closely follow what Trump has been saying in regard to these two news stories , with around half very or fairly closely following his statements relating to
they have signed a petition on gun policy ( 12
great faith in climate scientists . When it comes to party divides , the biggest gaps on climate policy and climate science are between those at the ends of the political spectrum . Across the board , from possible causes to who should be the one to sort this all out , liberal Democrats and conservative Republicans see climate - related matters through vastly different lenses . Liberal Democrats place
those who adjusted their status ( 270,547 ) . The Trump administration has announced immigration restrictions that could continue to reduce the number of people who receive green cards while they are in the U.S. on temporary visas . The federal government grants green cards for lawful permanent residence based on a complex system of admission categories and numerical quotas . Most go to immigrants who are sponsored by family members , either as immediate relatives of U.S. citizens ( 44 % of fiscal 2015 green cards ) or other family
( D - Ill. ) at 2 % . No one else was mentioned by more than 2 % of respondents in the survey.1 The survey was conducted at a time when Latino political leaders and civic organizations have been pressing hard for legislation in Congress to create a pathway to citizenship for the estimated 11.7 million immigrants , the vast majority of them Latino , who are living in this country illegally . Even though most Latinos say their community needs a national leader to
voters ) , finds that about half of voters ( 49 % ) have given “ quite a lot ” of thought to the upcoming elections . The amount of thought given to the elections at this point of the campaigns is in line with the attention given to past midterm elections . The public ’s congressional vote preference remains fairly even . Among registered voters , 47 % would vote for the Democratic candidate today or lean Democratic and 42 % would vote or
census does not do – Pew Research estimates that 6.9 % of the U.S. adult population could be considered multiracial . For this state analysis , we used Census data because the Pew Research survey did not have an adequate sample size for state - level analysis . ( Delaware , Montana , North Dakota , South Dakota , Vermont and Wyoming were not analyzed due to the small number of multiracial people interviewed
, more than double the share that uses Twitter ( 24 % ) , Pinterest ( 31 % ) , Instagram ( 32 % ) or LinkedIn ( 29 % ) . On a total population basis ( accounting for Americans who do not use the internet at all ) , that means that 68 % of all U.S. adults are Facebook users , while 28 % use Instagram , 26 % use Pinterest , 25 % use LinkedIn and 21 % use Twitter . Thanks in part to the growing number of older adults who are joining the site , Facebook use appears to be on the rise : The share of online
% ) Democrats say the same . Similarly , there is a 17 - percentage - point gap between the share of Democrats with a college degree or more education ( 44 % ) and the share with no more than a high school education ( 27 % ) saying a friend voting for Trump would put a strain on the friendship . There is a division on ideological lines among Democrats on whether a vote for Trump would strain a friendship . Liberal Democrats are about evenly divided between saying say their friendship would be strained ( 47 % ) if a friend said they voted for Trump and saying it
the standings of Obama and Bush might have on the midterms
the West , but few rule out cooperation . According to a recently released Pew Research Center report based on 2015 survey data , overwhelming majorities in Russia believe that their country serves as an important counterbalance to the West ( 85 % ) and that Russian values clash with Western values ( 73 % ) . However , Russians remain open to cooperation with the U.S. and other Western nations . A majority ( 55 % ) agree it is in their nation ’s
higher and people more often die in young adulthood as a consequence of war or from infectious diseases and complications related to childbearing . Here is a closer look at how median ages and age distributions vary by region and country . You can also scroll directly to each region using the links below . ( This analysis uses   regional classifications   from the UN , which differ from those used in other Pew Research Center reports . ) The coronavirus spread quickly in Europe in March and April ,
six - in - ten ( 59 % ) in Japan are worried that they or someone in their family may have been exposed to radiation from the damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant . About seven - in - ten ( 69 % ) say they disapprove of how the national government has handled the situation at the crippled nuclear facility . Not surprisingly , few Japanese want their country to increase its use of nuclear power . However , opinion is about evenly split as to whether Japan should maintain
but do not favor arming Ukraine . Most people in the eight NATO countries surveyed ( a median of 70 % ) are happy to see Western countries send economic aid to Ukraine . Many also support Ukraine joining NATO and , in half the EU countries surveyed , favor Ukraine joining the European Union . But people in these NATO countries made it clear that they did not support sending arms to Ukraine – a median of just 41 % supported doing so . Skepticism
independents ( 80 % ) . However , the Senate bill on background checks is far more divisive . Republicans are decidedly less supportive of this legislation than of the general idea of making private gun sales subject to background checks ; 57 % support the Senate bill , while 81 % favor expanding background checks . Many of those who have reservations about the bill express concerns that it includes other restrictions beyond background checks , or that it opens a “ slippery slope ” toward more government power . The survey finds that gun control supporters continue to lag gun rights advocates on most measures of political activism .
not give up privacy and freedom for the sake of safety , while
the campaign ’s recent nasty turn , however , more voters also characterize the campaign as
increased offshore energy drilling is approaching its pre - Gulf spill level ; in February 2010 , the public backed increased offshore drilling by about two - to - one ( 63 % to 31 % ) . The survey shows that substantial majorities continue to support increased federal funding for research on wind , solar and hydrogen technology ( 74 % ) , spending more on subway , rail and bus systems ( 61 % ) , and providing tax incentives for the purchase of hybrid vehicles ( 58 % ) . These
, and just one – Sen. Mazie Hirono , D - Hawaii – in the Senate . These 14 immigrant lawmakers represent just 3 % of all voting members in both chambers , a slight uptick from recent Congresses but substantially below the foreign - born share of Congresses many decades ago . ( For example , about 10 % of members in the first and much smaller Congress of 1789 - 91 were foreign born . About a century later ,
August , just 8 % of Democrats , and comparable shares of Republicans ( 5 % ) and independents ( 6 % ) said economic conditions were excellent or good . Nearly six - in - ten Americans ( 58 % ) know that the national unemployment rate has been decreasing in recent months . About a third ( 32 % ) say incorrectly that the rate has been going up . Better educated people are more likely than those with less education to be aware of recent declines in the unemployment rate . There also is a modest partisan gap : 66 % of Democrats say
undocumented immigrants mostly fill jobs U.S. citizens
by members of younger , more supportive , generations entering adulthood . But at the same time , all generations – younger and older alike – have become more likely to support same - sex marriage over the past decade , suggesting a period effect separate from age or cohort . Another example of how generational analysis can aid in understanding public opinion is the case of attitudes about marijuana . In recent years , there has been a fundamental shift in attitudes toward legalization of marijuana . When Gallup first asked about this issue in 1969 , just 12 % of the public favored legalizing the use
the typical American as lazy : 63 % say that term applies at least fairly well , compared with no more than about half in older age cohorts . It ’s worth noting , however , that in a separate Pew Research Center survey released today , few Americans call themselves “ lazy . ” When it comes to politics , the public also is self - critical : Just 34 % say they have “ very great ” or a “ good ” deal of trust and confidence in the political wisdom of the American people . Fully 63 % have “ not very much ” confidence or “ no confidence at all . ” These views
55 % of Americans believe organically grown produce is healthier than conventionally grown varieties , while 41 % say there is no difference between organic and conventionally grown produce and 3 % say that conventionally grown produce is better . Four - in - ten Americans ( 40 % ) say that most ( 6 % ) or some ( 34 % ) of the foods they eat are organic . Fully three - quarters of these Americans ( 75 % ) are
79 % to 57 % . The latest national survey by the Pew Research Center , conducted Mar. 25 - 29 among 1,500 adults , finds widespread doubts about how the death penalty is applied and whether it deters serious crime . Yet a majority ( 63 % ) says that when someone commits a crime like murder , the death penalty is morally justified ; just 31 % say it is morally wrong , even in cases of murder . At the same time , 71 % of Americans say there is some risk that an innocent person will be put to death . Only about a quarter ( 26 % ) say there
60 % in 1999 . One of the main drivers of increased labor force participation among women over the decades has been the sharp increase in the share of mothers in the workforce . Nearly three - quarters ( 73 % ) of mothers with children younger than 18 were in the labor force in 2000 , up from 47 % in 1975 ( the first year for which data on mothers ’ labor force participation are available ) . That share has remained relatively stable since about 2000 . Men ’s presence in
, compared with the roughly 35 % of Silents who approved of Obama . Over the past year , Obama ’s ratings among Millennials have risen , while the ratings of older generations ( particularly Boomers and Silents ) are little changed . When it comes to education level , the president enjoys substantially more support from those with college degrees , and particularly those with postgraduate degrees . Today , 62 % of those with postgraduate degrees approve of his job performance , along with 54 % of those with bachelor ’s degrees . Among adults with some college experience but no degree , 47 % approve , as do 49 % of those
, while just 3 % reported that they had entered into a long - term relationship or marriage with someone they first met through online dating . It is important to note that there are some changes in question wording between the Center ’s 2013 and 2019 surveys , as well as differences in how these surveys were fielded.1 Even so , it is clear that websites and mobile apps are playing a larger role in the dating environment than in previous years.2
users who want broadband . Notably , experienced dial - up users interested in broadband are as likely broadband users to do research related to their jobs on the average day .   This suggests that the need or desire to do work - related tasks at home may be a driver for many of today ’s dial - up users to become tomorrow ’s broadband users . The differences are also fairly narrow when it comes information producing .   For participation in an online group and content creation , today
for older people than for other groups . While 73 % of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents say the federal government does not do enough for older people , a smaller majority of Republicans ( 58 % ) say the same . The partisan gap is much wider in views of government help for younger people . Nearly seven - in - ten Democrats ( 69 % ) say the federal government does not provide enough help for younger people . Republicans are divided : Nearly equal shares say the government does too little ( 29 % ) and too much ( 27 % ) for younger people , while 36 % say it provides
is strongest in the north . 2Supporters of the two parties differ substantially in their views of immigrants and the benefits that they do – or do not – bring to Italian society . About three - quarters of Italians who identify with the League – which campaigned on a far - right platform focused on reducing immigration – say immigrants are a burden on the Italian economy because they take Italians ’ jobs . About seven - in - ten League supporters
president , down from more than eight - in - ten Canadians ( 83 % ) in 2016 and half of Mexicans ( 49 % ) in 2015 . While Canadians generally have indicated greater confidence in U.S. presidents than Mexicans have , current Trump confidence levels are lower than both countries ’ Bush - era lows . These countries have generally maintained fairly steady levels of U.S. favorability over the past 15 years , yet they both show a sharp drop in U.S. favorability since Trump took office . Three - in -
are able to produce accurate readings of the partisan composition of the American public . A different approach to this issue ( presented later in the report ) compares telephone respondents to nonrespondents using voter file data and reaches the same conclusion . Beyond partisan affiliation , the portrait of Americans ’ ideological orientation is also very similar in the GSS and in Pew Research Center surveys . Pew Research Center ’s question offers respondents five categories ranging from “ very liberal ” to “ very conservative , ” while the GS
third of Americans predicted in a 2014 Pew Research / Smithsonian survey that humans will have long - term space colonies in the next 50 years . 5Although they value the program and are proud of its achievements , Americans are reluctant to pay more for space exploration . Just 23 % of Americans said the U.S. spends too little on space exploration , according the National Opinion Research Center ’s General Social Survey ( GSS ) conducted last year . About four -
felt unfavor
positive over the past year , while Republicans remain overwhelmingly negative . About as many Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents think the news media has a positive ( 44 % ) as negative ( 46 % ) impact on the way things are going in the country . The share of Democrats holding a positive view of the news media ’s impact has increased 11 percentage points since last August ( 33 % ) . Republicans , by about eight - to - one ( 85 % to 10 % ) , say the news media has a negative effect . These views have changed little in the past few years .
U.S. population overall , and includes public opinion data of Salvadoran and Hispanic adults . It is based on Pew Research Center tabulations of the 2013 American Community Survey and Pew Research Center ’s 2013 National Survey of Latinos . Key facts include : Immigration status . Roughly six - in - ten Salvadorans ( 59 % ) in the United States are foreign born , compared with 35 % of Hispanics and 13 % of the U.S. population overall . About four - in - ten immigrants from El Salvador ( 42 %
are statistically adjusted to represent the proper proportion of Americans in different regions of the country ; younger and older Americans ; whites , African Americans and Hispanics ; and even the correct share of adults who rely on cell phones as opposed to landline phones , these are all known , and relatively stable , characteristics of the population that
, compared with 10 % of moms . There is a similar pattern for grocery shopping ( 23 % vs. 11 % ) . Given that moms are much more likely than dads to say they are the primary meal preparers , it ’s not surprising that they spend more time than dads , on average , on meal preparation – which includes food and kitchen cleanup after meals . Moms spend an average of 68 minutes per day on meal preparation , vs. 23 minutes for dads
say the Pakistani government actively supports extremist groups like Lashkar - e - Taiba , while another 21 % think it at least tolerates them . And if these groups were to conduct another terrorist attack against India , most would support military action against them in Pakistan . Overall , Indians take a dim view of their neighbor and longtime rival : 81 % express a negative opinion of Pakistan . Concern that the Pakistani state will be consumed by extremism is
the budget deficit stands out as one of the fastest growing priorities for Americans , rising 16 percentage points since 2007 and ranking third with 69 % calling it a top priority . Only the economy and jobs , ranking first and second at 86 % and 82 % respectively , have registered bigger increases over this period – hardly surprising , given the financial meltdown that began in 2008 and whose impact is still being felt today . While an increasing number of Americans share
with 9 % of those who want stricter laws . The Center ’s survey found other indications that gun owners are more politically engaged than non - gun owners . For example , while only 16 % of U.S. adults say they ’ve ever given money to an organization that takes a position on gun policy , gun owners are again more likely than non - gun owners to say they have done so . Among gun owners , 28 % say they have ever given money
% of U.S. adults are converts to Catholicism – people who now identify as Catholic after having been raised in another religion ( or no religion ) . This means that there are 6.5 former Catholics in the U.S. for every convert to the faith .   No other religious group analyzed in the 2014 Religious Landscape Study has experienced anything close to this ratio of losses to gains via religious switching . 3 Catholics in the U.S. are racially and ethnically diverse . Roughly six - in - ten Catholic adults are white , one -
new health care reform law will affect them and their families . About two - in - ten ( 18 % ) say they feel they understand the impact very well , while 37 % say they feel they understand how it will affect them somewhat well . More than four - in - ten ( 44 % ) are more uncertain : 21 % say they feel they understand the personal impact “ not too well , ” while 23 % say they do not understand this at all . A large majority ( 81 % ) says they
ahu favorably , while a median of 12 % have a positive view of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad or Iranian President Hassan Rouhani . Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan is the exception to the generally negative views , but opinion of him is still mixed . With respect to the ongoing conflict in Syria , publics are divided on how long they expect it to continue ; a median of 26 % expect the war in Syria to end in
$ 266 per capita imbalance . This is largely because China ’s large workforce churns out a high volume of low - value products for export to the U.S. , while Germany ’s smaller workforce largely produces high - value products , such as automobiles , to sell to Americans . Why should we look at the trade numbers this way ? Because the composition of the U.S. trade deficit
S. and Canadian users visited the site , used its Messenger app or or shared content with Facebook friends via an affiliated third party . That compares with 69 % of European users , 54 % of Asian users and 57 % of users elsewhere in the world . Engagement levels have risen steadily over time , and making sure they continue to do so is key to Facebook ’s future . As the company said in its report , “
” voters turned out and cast ballots , they were considerably less engaged than 2016 voters who had also voted in the 2014 midterm . In the survey , conducted in March and April during the presidential primaries , just 27 % of drop - off voters said they were following the 2016 election very closely , compared with 49 % of consistent voters . And drop - off voters were less likely than consistent voters to say that it made a lot of difference to them which party controlled the government ; just 39 % of drop - off voters said it mattered a lot whether Democrats or Republicans controlled the government , compared with 52
anti - religious   minority sentiments during the survey . Scores on the scale range from 0 to 10 . Relatively few adults in every country surveyed score above 5 on the scale . But there is considerable variation across countries . In Sweden , just 8 % of those surveyed scored higher than 5 , the lowest amount in any country , while in Italy , 38 % did , the highest share in any country . In most countries , the share scoring 5.01 or higher
of all tweets analyzed over the year studied . And as our previous research found to be true of Twitter content more broadly , this analysis finds that a small share of users produce the vast majority of content related to national politics : 97 % of tweets from U.S. adults that mentioned national politics over the study period came from just 10 % of users . A total of 2,427 respondents with public Twitter accounts participated in the survey ; collectively , they produced more than 1.1
with 7 % of Republicans and the same percentage of independents . In August , just 8 % of Democrats , and comparable shares of Republicans ( 5 % ) and independents ( 6 % ) said economic conditions were excellent or good . Nearly six - in - ten Americans ( 58 % ) know that the national unemployment rate has been decreasing in recent months . About a third ( 32 % ) say incorrectly that the rate has been going up . Better educated people are more likely than those with less education to be aware of recent declines in the unemployment rate . There also is a modest partisan gap : 66 % of Democrats say
Philippines is good for their country . In recent years , the Philippines and China have feuded over territory in the South China Sea , including tense naval standoffs and an international court ruling in favor of the Philippines . Fully 82 % of Filipinos say that territorial disputes between the two countries are a big problem . However , Presidents Xi and Duterte have made efforts to improve bilateral relations
say they have some confidence ; just 18 % say they have little or none . The share with a lot of confidence in the country ’s future is up 19 points from 2015 , when about as many Republicans said they had a lot ( 40 % ) as some ( 42 % ) confidence in the country ’s future . Democrats express much less confidence in the future of the country today than in 2015 . Currently , just 28 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say they have quite a lot of confidence in the country ’s future , down from 50 % in 2015 . And while 34 % of Democrats now say
17 % ) followed the Peruvian murder case very closely . About one - in - five people ( 22 % ) heard a lot about Helen Thomas ’ resignation as a Hearst political columnist , following a controversial remark she made about Israel , and as many ( 22 % ) heard a lot about a U.S. Border Patrol agent fatally shooting a Mexican teenager near the Texas - Mexico border . Slightly fewer Americans say they heard a lot about the congressional debate over energy
enrollment will look like a decade into the future ? No projection is perfect and there are many unforeseen factors , such as the economy ’s performance and how successful parents and schools are in getting students to graduate from high school . But generally , the number of first - time , full - time college freshmen tracks closely with the number of births from 18 years earlier . In the post - recession era , about 70 % of high school graduates go
the country is not much of a problem . Overall public views are about the same as there were in January 2017 , shortly before Donald Trump took office . As was the case then , about twice as many Republicans ( 33 % ) as Democrats ( 17 % ) say Russia is “ not much of a problem . ” However , somewhat fewer Democrats view Russia as an adversary than did so in January 2017 ( 30 % now , 38 % then ) , though the share describing it as either a serious problem or an adversary is little changed . Republicans ’ views of Russia have changed little over this period . The public sees
were naturalized citizens and 20 % who were unauthorized migrants . The population of immigrants who are eligible for naturalization was 8.5 million in 2005 ; of these more than a third , or nearly 3 million , were Mexican . Mexicans still have a comparatively lower tendency to become U.S. citizens , but the number of naturalized citizens from Mexico rose by 144 % from 1995 to 2005 — the sharpest increase among immigrants from any major sending
it was mostly bad . There continue to be wide partisan differences in views of economic news . About two - thirds of Democrats ( 66 % ) describe economic news as a mix of good and bad , compared with 49 % of independents and 45 % of Republicans . More than half of Republicans ( 53 % ) say the news about the economy has been mostly bad , as do 44 % of independents and just 26 % of Democrats . Very few people ( 5 % ) continue to say the recent economic news has been mostly good . Since December 2008 , the proportion saying economic news is mostly good has remained
with 10,597 for
woman living together romantically without being married , and a same - sex couple living together . 2The survey finds that the share of Americans with some connection to Catholicism approaches half of the country ’s adults – 45 % . This includes 20 % who identify their religion as Catholic . Another 9 % are categorized by the survey as “ cultural Catholics ” – those whose primary religious identity is not Catholic (
S. missile strikes against Syria have registered widely with the public . About nine - in - ten Americans have heard a lot ( 61 % ) or a little ( 30 % ) about the attack . Republicans overwhelmingly approve of the missile strikes ( 77 % approve ) . A smaller majority of Republicans ( 61 % ) think Trump has a clear plan for dealing with the situation , while 32 % say he does not . Democrats are divided over the missile strikes – but a large majority says Trump lacks a clear plan for Syria . Nearly half of Democrats ( 45 % ) approve of the U.S. military
worst possible life and 10 the best possible life , the majority of Chinese surveyed still say they are on the middle steps of the ladder . Only 29 % now place themselves in the “ high ” ( 7 - 10 ) category , somewhat fewer than the 34 % of Indians who do so and well behind the nearly six - in - ten Americans who position themselves on the ladder ’s top rungs . But the number of “ high ” self - raters in China has increased from 23
64 % in 2016 . This means that nonwhites ( including all racial and ethnic groups , except non - Hispanic white ) are now more likely than whites ( 64 % ) to get news on social media . Social media news use also increased to 69 % in 2017 among those with less than a bachelor ’s degree , surpassing those with a college degree or higher ( 63 % ) . 6Many Americans believe fabricated news is sowing confusion , and about a third ( 32 % ) say they often see made - up political news online . Nearly two - thirds of U.S. adults ( 64 % ) say fabricated
( 82 % ) and that having faced more obstacles has more to do with why someone is poor ( 86 % ) . Opinions among Republicans and Republican leaners are more divided : 53 % say hard work has more to do with why a person is rich , while 45 % say it is because they have more advantages . In views of why a person is poor , 55 % of Republicans say it is more because they have faced obstacles most others have not , while 42 % say it is more because they have not worked as hard as most others . Views of why people are rich have changed significantly over the past few years ,
See chart below ) . In Turkey , an identical 53 % see Americans as rude . This view is shared by larger majorities in Indonesia ( 56 % ) and Jordan ( 64 % ) . Overall views of the United States as a nation have improved considerably since the 2005 survey was conducted . ( For example , from 2003 to 2008 , relatively few in Indonesia had a favorable opinion of the U.S. ; now a 63%-majority does . ) Whether this improvement has carried
when he drew just 3 % of the vote . Romney ’s support has ticked up during this period , from 21 % to 27 % , while Gingrich has lost ground . In December , Gingrich was the front - runner with 33 % of the vote ; in the new survey , only about half as many ( 16 % ) favor the former House speaker . Despite Santorum ’s strong showing in the Iowa caucuses , where he only lost
one - in -
increasingly difficult . (
087 in fiscal 2008 , according to BJS . The growth that year came as the federal government expanded the use of a program called “ Operation Streamline ,
these views are less common than they were in the waning years of the Bush administration . As the survey reveals , the U.S. is not the only major power receiving negative reviews in Turkey — China , Russia and the European Union also get poor ratings . Turkish views of the U.S. have not always been so downbeat . U.S. State Department polling from the beginning of this decade found just over half ( 52 % ) of Turks
the population of Los
Democrats as friendly toward
about half of all registered voters ( 48 % ) want to see their own representative reelected and just half as many ( 24 % ) would like to see most members of Congress reelected . These also are close to two - decade lows in Pew Research Center surveys . Yet unlike in the previous two midterms , anti -
of U.S. newspapers with an average Sunday circulation of 50,000 or more ( 27 % ) experienced layoffs in 2018 , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of news articles that cited staff layoffs at these outlets . The layoffs came on top of the roughly one - third ( 32 % ) of papers in the same circulation range that experienced layoffs in 2017 . Some papers experienced more than one round of layoffs within the same year , particularly in 2018 . Among
from mobile devices at least occasionally . Among these “ mobile teens , ” 94 % go online daily or more often . By comparison , teens who do n’t access the internet via mobile devices tend to go online less frequently . Some 68 % go online at least daily . African - American and Hispanic youth report more frequent internet use than white teens . Among African - American teens , 34 % report going online “ almost constantly ” as do 32 % of Hispanic
protect air and water , while 47 % believe it is not possible to protect those resources with fewer regulations . These views differ widely by political party . The survey shows that 54 % of U.S. adults believe the Trump administration is doing too little to protect the environment , while 30 % think the administration is doing “ about the right amount ” and 5 % believe it is doing too much . One consistent theme in the public ’s views about these issues is that Americans as a whole
16 % in 1968 to 23 % in 2018 . 2Income inequality in the U.S. is the highest of all the G7 nations , according to data from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development . To compare income inequality across countries , the OECD uses the Gini coefficient , a commonly used measure ranging from 0 , or perfect equality , to 1 , or complete inequality . In 2017 , the U.S. had a Gini coefficient of 0.434 . In the other G7
Republicans and Republican - leaning
very unfavorable view of China ( 54 % vs. 35 % ) . Republicans are much more critical of China ’s role in the coronavirus outbreak . Republicans are almost 30 percentage points more likely than Democrats to say China has done a bad job handling the coronavirus outbreak ( 82 % vs. 54 % ) . They are also much more likely to say China contributed to the global spread of the pandemic . Around three - quarters of Republicans ( 73 % ) say China ’s early handling of the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan contributed a great deal to its global spread , compared with around four - in - ten Democrats (
its Hindu population , rising from 14.4 % in 2010 to 18.4 % in 2050 . But , even with this increase , Hindus will make up more than three - in - four Indians ( 76.7 % ) in 2050 . Indeed , the number of Hindus in India will still be larger than the five largest Muslim populations in the world ’s biggest Muslim countries ( India , Pakistan , Indonesia , Nigeria and Bangladesh ) combined . India also has a number of smaller religious
overall news coverage . The fires were covered more intensely on television news outlets than on other sectors — 53 % of network TV news and 51 % of cable news was devoted to the story . The government — state , local and federal — receives high marks from the public for its response to the fires . Reactions to the government ’s response stand in stark contrast to the dismal ratings the government received in the wake of Hurricane Katrina . Fully three - quarters
not nearly as strongly
with 49 % of Democrats and the same percentage of independents . Late last year , two - thirds of Republicans ( 67 % ) said 2007 would be better than 2006 . Democrats and independents also are less optimistic about the coming year than they were in December 2006 , though the declines are smaller than among Republicans ( four points among Democrats , five points among independents ) . A plurality of Americans ( 23 % ) cite Iraq as the single most important news event of 2007 , but significantly fewer named Iraq as the year ’s top event than did so in 2006 ( 34 % ) . Pew surveys have shown that public attentiveness to the war
by cellphone are reasonable proxies for those reached by landline , after accounting for differences across demographic variables that are adjusted for in the survey weighting . Household income is the one estimate in this analysis where the difference by sample type is not fully explained by demographics . Dual users reached by cellphone tend to have higher incomes than those reached by landline , even after controlling for sex , age , education and race / ethnicity . This result suggests that , for researchers
% of women ) . Previous research by Pew Research Center shows similar trends . Video game use also varies by education , with college graduates ( 36 % ) significantly less likely to play than adults with some college experience ( 50 % ) . About four - in - ten of those who did not attend college ( 42 % ) say they play video games . In spite of other recent research that suggests that playing video games is associated
will be better off . There are also strong concerns about immigration in some countries . Majorities or pluralities in most nations want fewer immigrants allowed into their country . Many believe that immigrants tend to remain distinct from the broader culture and that immigration increases the risk of terrorism . The survey also finds that views about the EU and the challenges facing Europe vary in important ways across the nations included in the study . Overall , attitudes toward the EU are largely positive . Majorities in most nations polled express a favorable opinion of the Brussels - based institution , with roughly seven - in - ten in Poland and Spain holding that view
the news media , researchers and the public itself .   For example , 43 % of Americans say it is a big problem that the news media are too quick to report findings that may not hold up . A similar share also see problems stemming from researchers publishing so many studies that it is hard to tell high from low quality ( 40 % say this is a big problem ) . When pressed to choose which problem is greater
% among stay - at
S. presidents did n’t have to worry so much about Congress or the courts , ” while 77 % take the view that “ it would be too risky to give U.S. presidents more power to deal directly with many of the country ’s problems ” – including sizable majorities of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 87 % ) and Republicans and Republican leaners (
” voters turned out and cast ballots , they were considerably less engaged than 2016 voters who had also voted in the 2014 midterm . In the survey , conducted in March and April during the presidential primaries , just 27 % of drop - off voters said they were following the 2016 election very closely , compared with 49 % of consistent voters . And drop - off voters were less likely than consistent voters to say that it made a lot of difference to them which party controlled the government ; just 39 % of drop - off voters said it mattered a lot whether Democrats or Republicans controlled the government , compared with 52
in majority - white neighborhoods . ( Many ride - hailers – about four - in - ten overall – were unsure if this statement described ride - hailing well ) . In sharp contrast to ride - hailing services , few blacks make use of home - sharing sites like Airbnb and VRBO : Just 5 % of blacks have ever used these services , compared with 13 % of whites . And although blacks are less likely
U.S. Muslim community is evident in several ways in the new survey . For instance , about two - thirds ( 68 % ) of U.S
16 % of Americans ages 50 to 64 and about one - in - ten of those 30 to 49 ( 10 % ) and 18 to 29 ( 9 % ) . Views also vary across party lines , with Republicans and Republican - leaning independents – especially those who describe their political views as conservative – more likely than Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents to say men should n’t be able to take time off after the birth or
Eastern and North African descent have historically identified themselves as white on census forms . But during the 2010 census , activists launched a campaign that urged people to check “ some other race ” on the form and write in their ancestry . The campaign
of urban areas (
. 2The share of blacks in Congress is at an all - time high . The current Congress has the most black members in history , with a total of 50 between the two chambers ( 47 in the House , 3 in the Senate ) , or about 9 % . ( In comparison , blacks made up 13 % of the U.S. population in 2015 . ) When the 92nd Congress took office in 1971 , there were 13 black members ( 2 % ) – 12 representatives
of these scientists reported an interest and curiosity in science or the natural world starting in early childhood . For some 12 % their curiosity was fostered by parents and other family members who brought them in contact with scientists and science labs , nature or science and technology museums . Others ( 27 % ) remembered effective mentoring and encouragement from teachers whether in elementary school , graduate school or somewhere in between . And some 17 % talked about the importance of lab
any other Western public , and second only to South Africa ( 75 % ) among the 47 nations in the study . Fully 87 % of Italians say there should be tighter restrictions on people coming into their country — up seven points from 2002 , and again , the highest percentage among Western countries . Italian attitudes are overwhelmingly negative toward immigrants from the Middle East and North Africa , as well as immigrants from Eastern Europe . Two - thirds say immigration from each of these areas is a bad
say that the earth
took a break when it got boring . ” … “ It was not getting me anywhere . ” … “ Too much drama . ” … “ You get burned out on it after a while . ” … “ I gave it up for Lent . ” … “ I was fasting . ” … “ People were [ posting ] what they had for dinner . ” … “ I did n’t like being monitored .
an active and creative higher power behind the origins and development of human life . So while the U.S. may be slightly less religious now than in the past , religion ’s place in the nation ’s collective consciousness has remained strong – certainly much stronger than the authors of the Time
49.3 % of California ’s population . This change in the projected growth of the Hispanic population is driven by a number of factors . California has long been a top destination for immigrants from Latin America , but immigration from Latin America to the U.S. began to slow in 2008 due in part to the Great Recession . As a result , national Hispanic population growth today is driven more by U.S. births than by the arrival of new immigrants . At the same time
would we ask such
immigrants during this time . Meanwhile , unauthorized immigrants are increasingly likely to be long - term U.S. residents : Two - thirds of adult immigrants without legal status have lived in the country for more than 10 years . 3Younger Americans are better than their elders at separating factual from opinion statements   in the news . About a third ( 32 % ) of Americans ages 18 to 49 correctly identified all five factual statements they were asked to categorize
citizen , lawful permanent residents must meet length - of - stay requirements ( usually five years of continuous residence ) as
of questions asked for
a lot of responsibility in this role , but people are less likely to assign a lot of responsibility to state ( 40 % ) and federal governments ( 35 % ) . Views on who is responsible for workforce preparation vary by party . Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents are more likely than Republicans and Republican leaners to attribute a lot of responsibility to K-12 schools ( 66 % vs. 54 % ) , and this holds true for colleges and universities ( 58 % vs. 44 % ) . But Republicans and Republican leaners ( 77 % ) are more likely than Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 70 % ) to
ization of marijuana use continues to increase . And fully 75 % of the public – including majorities of those who favor and oppose the legal use of marijuana – think that the sale and use of marijuana will eventually be legal nationwide . By wide margins , the public views marijuana as less harmful than alcohol , both to personal health and to society more generally . Moreover , just as most Americans prefer a
% unfavorable
” in government schools was constitutional . Government harassment of religious groups went beyond restricting religious dress . In Rwanda , the government detained eight Jehovah ’s Witnesses after they refused to take part in community night patrols because their religious beliefs prohibit them from participating in military service or related activities . The government also fired seven Jehovah ’s Witnesses for refusing to touch the national flag while taking the public servant ’s oath , a practice that members of the group
the international issues tested , and this is especially true of the spread of infectious diseases . On this issue , 86 % say it is very important to cooperate with other countries , and 97 % say it is at least somewhat important to cooperate . The new strain of coronavirus is thought to have originated in Wuhan , China . The past year has seen tensions between Beijing and Washington on a number of topics , including the current pandemic , trade and
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu favorably , while a median of 12 % have a positive view of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad or Iranian President Hassan Rouhani . Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan is the exception to the generally negative views , but opinion of him is still mixed . With respect to the ongoing conflict in Syria , publics are divided on how long they expect it to continue ; a median of 26 % expect the war in Syria to end in
of 54 % in Spain to a high of 95 % in Denmark . At the time of the survey , most of these EU countries were recording relatively few COVID-19 cases each day compared to April . For example , Italy recorded 117 new cases per million people from July 1 to Aug. 1 , down from 1,716 new cases per million residents between April 1 and May 1 . Even Sweden , which did not participate in EU - wide lockdown measures initiated in March , saw around half as many cases per million people in July as in April ( 978 vs. 1,707 , respectively ) . Most
54 % say the same about “ Russia ’s power and influence . ” Over the same period , the share of the public describing the refugee movement from countries such as Iraq and Syria as a major threat to the United States has declined nine percentage points ( from 55 % to 46 % ) . There are substantial partisan differences in perceptions of most global threats . As in the past , the biggest divide by far is over the threat presented by global climate change . Nearly eight - in - ten ( 77 % ) Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents say global climate change is a major threat to the well - being of the United States
of the European project . Meanwhile , conflicting politics complicate the upcoming European Parliament elections . In the United Kingdom , Italy , Poland and Germany , people on the right of the political spectrum are generally more judgmental of the EU . In Greece and Spain , the institution ’s strongest critics are on the left . And concern about immigration adds to the public ’s disgruntlement . Majorities in Italy , Greece , France and the UK , express a desire to curb immigration , in
young Latinos who rely on television for news , Spanish is on the decline . A new analysis of a 2012 Pew Research Center survey of Latino adults finds that fully 90 % of Latinos ages
their interest in the inauguration and the economy . More than half of Democrats ( 56 % ) say Obama ’s inauguration was the story they followed most closely , compared with about a quarter ( 24 % ) of Republicans and close to four - in - ten independents ( 39 % ) . More Republicans ( 34 % ) than Democrats ( 18 % ) or independents ( 27 % ) say the
ratings have improved markedly in Israel . The president enjoys the confidence of 61 % of Israelis , up 12 percentage points from 2011 . Palestinians , however , remain negative , with just 15 % expressing confidence in Obama to do the right thing in world affairs , and 82 % saying they have little or no confidence in the American president . These are among the key findings from a new survey by the Pew Research Center of 14,997 people in 12 countries and the Palestinian territories from March 3 to April 12 , 2013 . Survey countries include Lebanon , Jordan , Turkey ,
have paid back “ only some ” of the money . Fewer than two - in - ten ( 17 % ) say the banks have paid back most of the money , while 13 % say they have paid back none . Just 2 % say they have paid back all of it . There are no significant differences among partisans regarding perceptions of how much money the financial institutions have returned . Perceptions of whether U.S. automakers have paid back the billions of dollars provided to them to
U.S. and on the impact of the shutdown on the country . Nearly eight - in - ten Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 79 % ) say the shutdown is a “ very serious problem ” ; fewer than half as many Republicans and Republican leaners ( 35 % ) say the same . The new survey , conducted Jan. 9 - 14 among 1,505 adults , finds that none of Washington
internet or an app . And with fitness centers , gyms and even some public parks closed , 18 % of Americans say they have participated in an online fitness class or done an online workout video at home . In addition , 17 % of adults say they have attended a class online for school as a result of the coronavirus outbreak . Most postsecondary schools throughout the United States have shut down their campuses and shifted to online classes . Young adults are particularly likely to have participated in these activities . Roughly half of adults ages 18 to 29 ( 48 % ) say they have had a virtual party or gathering
Court nomination accounted for 11 % of coverage , though the public showed relatively little interest . Just 16 % say they followed this news very closely . That ’s not much different from the 20 % in July 2009 who said they were very closely following the hearings for President Obama ’s first Supreme Court nominee , Sonia Sotomayor . Kagan ’s hearings produced no surprises and little drama ; 3 % say this was the news they followed most closely . About a third ( 34 % ) say they followed news about the immigration debate very closely ; 11 % say this was the news they followed most closely . In early
in late April . However , one strength that Tea Party adherents maintain when it comes to their potential impact in the party is that they are more enthusiastic , by a 52 % to 35 % margin , about voting in this year ’s midterm elections than all other Republicans .
and 14 points from April , respectively . But conservative Republicans remain far more likely than liberal Democrats to believe what happens between Russia and Ukraine is very important to U.S
the re - establishment of relations with Cuba , while 48 % disapprove . There is somewhat more support among Republicans for an end to the trade embargo , though as many say they oppose lifting the embargo as say they favor it ( 47 % each ) . Just a third ( 33 % ) of conservative Republicans approve of resuming diplomatic relations while 55 % di
( 2.3 % ) identified as Scotch - Irish . Both ancestral groups are older than the U.S. population as a whole . In 2013 , the median age of those claiming Irish ancestry was 40.5 , and 52.1 for those of Scotch - Irish ancestry , versus a median age of 37.8 for the entire population . Nor are the Irish immigrating to the U.S. in anything close to the numbers they used to :
fewer than one in ten stories involving Latinos , a reflection of the degree to which the issue largely fell off the radar during the early months of the Obama Administration . These are some of the central findings of a study that examined coverage of four prominent ethnic , racial and religious groups – Asians , Africans / African - Americans , Hispanics and Muslims – in 55 U.S. news outlets , including 13 newspapers , 15 cable programs , the 7 broadcast network evening and morning news
of his job performance while 46 % disapprove . Obama ’s job rating among whites is among his lowest ever . Just 33 % of whites approve of the job Obama is doing as president , while 60 % disapprove . ( See the table at the end of this report for a detailed look at Obama job approval . ) Views of Congress remain historically negative : just 21 % have
10 % most active Republicans ( 79 ) . Across both parties , those who use Twitter differ in several ways compared with non - users . For instance , Twitter - using Democrats and Republicans alike tend to be younger and have higher levels of educational attainment compared with members of each party who do not use the platform . Although nearly identical shares of Republican Twitter users ( 60 % ) and non - users ( 62 % ) describe themselves as very
August 26 , 2014 ) . Across the emerging and developing countries surveyed , people rate the military as the most positive national institution.1 Overall , a median of 79 % say the military is a good influence on the way things are going in their country , while only 18 % say it is a bad influence . Asians are the most supportive of their military , but publics in Africa the Middle East and Latin America all say the armed forces are a good influence on their country . In 14 nations , the military receives the highest ratings among all the institutions and groups tested
55 % from 50 % five years ago . These shifts in views of China are taking place amid improving assessments of the U.S. economy . Roughly six - in - ten Americans ( 58 % ) now say the country ’s economic situation is either very or somewhat good , up from 44 % in 2016 and 40 % in 2015 . ( For more on ratings of the U.S. economy , see
srespect for the Islamic religion . In contrast , majorities of Americans and Western Europeans who have heard of the controversy say Muslims ’ intolerance to different points of view is more to blame . The chasm between Muslims and the West is also seen in judgments about how the other civilization treats women . Western publics , by lopsided margins , do not think of Muslims as “ respectful of women . ” But half or more in four of the five
from 61 % in August and 58 % last December . The president ’s own partisans have shifted the most in their evaluations of his handling of the Iraq situation . In August , Republicans approved of Bush ’s Iraq performance by a margin of 69 % to 24 % . Today , just 53 % of Republicans approve , while disapproval has risen 15 percentage points , to 39 % . At
need to exercise caution in speaking to avoid offending others , while 39 % think too many are easily offended . The survey was conducted June 7 to July 5 among 4,602 adults on Pew Research Center ’s nationally representative American Trends Panel . Full methodology and topline are available here . There also are demographic differences in concerns over language that may offend others . About two - thirds of men ( 68 % ) say too many people are easily offended by language today , compared with only about half ( 51 % ) of women . Among blacks , 67 % say people should be more careful with
peoples ’ confidence in each other . They say local communities can be laboratories for trust - building as a way to confront partisan tensions and overcome tribal divisions . Some also make the case that better leaders could inspire greater trust between individuals . Others suggest that a different approach to news reporting – one that emphasizes the ways people cooperate to solve problems – would have a tonic effect . 4Nonwhites , poorer and less - educated individuals , and younger adults have
say the Pakistani government actively supports extremist groups like Lashkar - e - Taiba , while another 21 % think it at least tolerates them . And if these groups were to conduct another terrorist attack against India , most would support military action against them in Pakistan . Overall , Indians take a dim view of their neighbor and longtime rival : 81 % express a negative opinion of Pakistan . Concern that the Pakistani state will be consumed by extremism
opinion of McCain had not changed
before the United Kingdom ’s so - called Brexit referendum to exit the EU . In only six of the 16 countries surveyed do a majority of people feel their national economy is in good shape . Even before the Brexit vote caused economic turmoil , Europeans generally took a depressed view of the economy . In seven of the 10 European countries surveyed , roughly half or less see their country ’s economic situation as good . Greeks
year - and - a - half , as support for legal abortion remains widespread in New England ( 75 % ) , but has fallen to just 40 % in the South Central states . Regional analysis : The regional breakdowns used in this report are based on the U.S. Census regions and divisions , with two exceptions . MD , DE and DC are grouped in the Mid - Atlantic with NY , NJ and PA , instead of in the South Atlantic . The Census divisions of East South Central and
during the Obama administration . Six - in - ten Hispanic adults in February said the increased number of deportations of unauthorized immigrants is a “ bad thing , ” while the U.S. general public was divided on the issue . And while 89 % of Hispanics   in 2013 said they support a pathway to citizenship for unauthorized immigrants who meet certain requirements , a majority ( 55 % ) said deportation relief is more important than a pathway to citizenship for
USSR in 1991 . An additional 15 % of FSU Jews say they came from 2000 to 2014 , while a similar share ( 12 % ) say they arrived prior to 1990 , according to data from a new Pew Research Center survey of Israel . The Soviet Jews brought a secular mindset to Israel , and more than two decades later , Jews who were born in the former Soviet Union continue to be noticeably less religious than Israeli Jews overall . FSU immigrants – who
ethnicity has made it harder , easier or has n’t made much of a difference in getting ahead in life , about half ( 49 % ) of blacks with some college experience say their race has made it harder for them to be successful , compared with 29 % of those with a high school education or less . It may seem counterintuitive that blacks who have attended college are more likely to say they have encountered discrimination given that education is highly correlated
November 2009 , during President Barack Obama ’s first year in office and amid debate about drawing down U.S. troop levels in Iraq , 52 % of Americans said the use of pre - emptive military force by the U.S. was sometimes or often justified , compared with 41 % who said it was rarely or never justified ( 8 % did not offer a view ) . The share who say pre - emptive military force is rarely or never justified is up 7
as very big problems .
in longer - term marriages , a significant share of gray divorces do occur among couples who have been married for 30 years or more . Among all adults 50 and older who divorced in the past year , about a third ( 34 % ) had been in their prior marriage for at least 30 years , including about one - in - ten ( 12 % ) who had been married for 40 years or more . Research indicates that many later - life divorcees have grown unsatisfied with their marriages over the years and are seeking
reform more closely than any other major story last week . The debate was also the most reported story of the week , making up 18 % of the newshole , according to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ) . More than two - in - ten ( 22 % ) say they followed news about the earthquake in Chile most closely , while that story accounted for 10 % of the newshole .
at universities overall . NCES figures show that in fall 2015 , the combined total enrollment of all HBCUs was 293,000 , compared with 234,000 in 1980 . By comparison , enrollment at all universities and colleges nearly doubled during this time . Howard had the third - largest enrollment of any HBCU in 2015 , behind St. Philip ’s College in San Antonio , Texas , and North Carolina A&T State University . In contrast to other higher - learning institutions , HBCUs tend to be relatively small ,
comScore Media Metrix , based on the company ’s continuously measured consumer panel , show significant declines in the number of people with peer - to - peer file sharing applications running on their computers .   In fact , comScore found that usage of each of the four applications sampled – KaZaa , WinMX , BearShare and Grokster – dropped in November versus one year ago . The declines in the user base of each of these applications from November 2002 to November 2003 were : 15 % for KaZaa , 25 % for WinMX , 9 % for BearShare , and 59 % for Grokster
to same - sex marriage and spoke about it , and LGBT rights more generally , in his second inaugural address this past January . Jason Collins , a center for the NBA ’s Washington Wizards , was the second - most frequently mentioned gay or lesbian public figure in the general - population survey . Just before the survey was conducted , Collins became the first   active male professional athlete in a major North American team sport to come out publicly as
opinion of the court . Republican ratings fell steeply between 2009 and 2010 , with the appointments of Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan to the court . Democratic ratings remained relatively high through 2010 , but have fallen steeply since . The weak ratings for the court across party lines stands in contrast to most previous polls , in which those in the president ’s party have viewed the Supreme Court more favorably than those in the opposite party . Most recently , throughout George W. Bush ’s administration , Republicans felt much more favorably toward the Supreme Court than did Democrats . In
candidate garners solid support from more than a quarter of Republican and Republican - leaning registered voters . Though Jeb Bush is widely known by Republican voters , just 23 % say there is a good chance they would vote for him , while 41 % say there is some chance ; 25 % say there is no chance they would vote for the former Florida governor . Mike Huckabee has similar levels of both recognition and support among Republican voters . By
anniversary . By their 20th anniversary , 58 % were married ; by their 25th , 54 % were . These statistics are from the 2004 Survey of Income and Program Participation ( SIPP ) so the numbers do not reveal what share of these marriages survives until their 40th anniversary . Trends for women who married during the early 1970s are similar to those for men , but the shares still married to their initial spouse on each anniversary are lower ; women are more likely
the delegates grudgingly went along . Since then , virtually all presidential nominees have chosen their running mates themselves . ( Wallace , incidentally , was the last vice president to have held no prior elective office . ) Presidential nominees occasionally pick one of their defeated rivals to join their ticket . In 1980 , for instance , Ronald Reagan selected George H.W. Bush , who had battled him throughout most of the primaries ; as recently as 2008 , Barack Obama chose then - Sen.
Obama was in 2015 . Currently , 69 % have confidence in Trump to do the right thing in world affairs , compared with 94 % who expressed such confidence in Obama in 2015 . Despite these drops , people in the Philippines still support the U.S. military presence in the region and say that the U.S. would defend them should they get into a conflict with China . Three - quarters say having U.S. military personnel based in the Philippines is a good thing for the country
prayer in public schools , according to 2012 data from the General Social Survey , conducted by the National Opinion Research Center at the University of Chicago . Asked whether they approve or disapprove of the court ’s ruling that no state or local government may require the reading of the Lord ’s   Prayer   or Bible verses in public schools , roughly 39 % say they approve and about 57 % say they disapprove . Those
U.S. adults said MMR vaccination should be a requirement “ in order to attend public schools because of the potential risk for others when children are not vaccinated . ” Meanwhile , 17 % of Americans believed that “ parents should be able to decide not to vaccinate their children , even if that may create health risks for other children and adults . ” Majorities of Americans across demographic and educational groups supported school
independents ( 80 % ) . However , the Senate bill on background checks is far more divisive . Republicans are decidedly less supportive of this legislation than of the general idea of making private gun sales subject to background checks ; 57 % support the Senate bill , while 81 % favor expanding background checks . Many of those who have reservations about the bill express concerns that it includes other restrictions beyond background checks , or that it opens a “ slippery slope ” toward more government power . The survey finds that gun control supporters continue to lag gun rights advocates on most measures of political activism .
a below average or poor president . Obama fares well when compared with past presidents . Expectations for Obama ’s historical record are far more positive than those of George W. Bush at the end of his term ( when 57 % predicted that he would be remembered as a below average or poor president ) , and are roughly on par with views of Bill Clinton when he left office . And while more expect Obama to be seen as below average than said this of George H.W. Bush
a growing number see consumerism and commercialism as a threat to their culture . These are among the key findings from a Pew Research Center survey in China , which is based on face - to - face interviews conducted from April 15 to May 27 , 2015 , among a nationally representative sample of 3,649 randomly selected adults.1 Among the 15 issues included in this survey , nine are considered either a very big or moderately big problem by at
, Hispanic teens also practice religion with their families in other ways : roughly two - thirds ( 64 % ) say they talk with their family “ often ” ( 21 % ) or “ sometimes ” ( 43 % ) about religion . And just one - in - ten say they never have these discussions . About four - in - ten report saying grace or a prayer before family meals at least sometimes , and 28 % say they read religious scriptures as a family with the same frequency . Among Hispanic teens who do religious things with their family ( as
previous years . Even in October 2001 , a month after the 9/11 attacks , just 29 % said they were very worried about the possibility of a new attack . The April survey also found that the public was evenly divided over whether there was more that the government could do to prevent attacks like the one in Boston , with 49 % saying authorities could do more
of thievery or corruption . The share saying that greed comes to mind is up substantially from a 1998 CBS News survey . At that time , just 2 % offered the word “ greed . ” The notion of corruption and references to “ crooks ” and “ thieves ” did not make the 1998 list . The range of responses reflect the public concern and worry about the fate of the financial sector and people ’s investments : 13 % offer responses
3.46 million to 3.10 million . In other words , were it not for the increase in births to immigrant women , the annual number of U.S. births would have declined since 1970 . 2U.S. births outside of marriage have declined since 2008 , primarily among immigrant women . Over the long term , nonmarital births had been on the rise in the U.S. In 2014 , 40 % of all U.S. births were to unmarried women , up
any of their neighbors , compared with just 4 % among those 65 and older . There are also slight differences based on marital status . Roughly three - in - ten married adults ( 31 % ) say they know most of their neighbors , compared with about a quarter or fewer of those who are unmarried ( 22 % ) ; living with a partner ( 20 % ) ; divorced , separated or widowed ( 26 % ) ; or have never been married ( 19 % ) . Having children at home is n’t related to stronger ties with neighbors : Parents are just as likely as non - parents to say they know most of
of arrivals than Muslims ( 31 % ) . This stands in contrast to fiscal 2016 , when a record number of Muslim refugees entered the U.S. and Muslims made up a higher share of admitted refugees than Christians ( 46 % vs. 44 % , respectively ) . However , the shift in the religious composition of refugees since January falls in line with longer - term trends : Between fiscal years 2002 and 2016 , Christians outnumbered Muslim refugees in all but three years – 2005 , 2006
42 % , respectively ) . These findings are based on the most recent installment of the weekly News Interest Index , an ongoing project of the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press . The index , building on the Center ’s longstanding research into public attentiveness to major news stories , examines news interest as it relates to the
the 2015 Iran nuclear agreement , 46 % a little , and 26 % nothing at all . ( Note : This survey was conducted before President Trump ’s May 8 announcement that the U.S. would withdraw from the Iran deal ) . The negotiations between the U.S. and North Korea are resonating more among Republicans than Democrats . More than half ( 54 % ) of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents say they
president ’s improved showing among Hispanic voters . This year , according to the Florida exit poll , 34 % of Hispanic voters were Cuban while 57 % were non - Cuban . Among Cuban voters , the vote was split—49 % supported Obama while 47 % supported Romney . Among the state ’s non - Cuban voters , Obama won 66 % versus 34 % for Romney . In Colorado , Obama carried the Latino vote by a wide margin—
uncertainty , and that uncertainty makes it
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu favorably , while a median of 12 % have a positive view of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad or Iranian President Hassan Rouhani . Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan is the exception to the generally negative views , but opinion of him is still mixed . With respect to the ongoing conflict in Syria , publics are divided on how long they expect it to continue ; a median of 26 % expect the war in Syria to end in
partners oppose Iran ’s nuclear weapons aspiration . But just over half ( 54 % ) of Chinese agree . There are even greater differences among the negotiating partners over economic sanctions . Among those who oppose Tehran ’s nuclear armaments program , about eight - in - ten Americans , Germans and British back sanctions , but only 38 % of Chinese and 46 % of Russians are in agreement . The military option is even more divisive among those who are against Iran ’s nuclear weapons program . A solid majority ( 63 % ) of Americans would turn to military force to prevent Iran from going nuclear . Roughly half of Washington ’s European allies
who want stricter laws . The Center ’s survey found other indications that gun owners are more politically engaged than non - gun owners . For example , while only 16 % of U.S. adults say they ’ve ever given money to an organization that takes a position on gun policy , gun owners are again more likely than non - gun owners to say they have done so . Among gun owners , 28 % say they have ever given money
immigrants to gain citizenship . Even so , a majority of Americans ( 54 % ) say they favor amnesty for illegal immigrants already in the country if they pass background checks and meet other conditions . The way in which the issue is characterized has a significant effect on Republican views . While 62 % of Republicans favor “ providing a way for illegal immigrants currently in the country to gain legal citizenship , ” support declines sharply when the concept of amnesty is raised . However , even when the policy is described as “ providing amnesty ” for illegal immigrants , about as many Republicans favor ( 47 % ) as oppose ( 48 % ) the idea
sharing site . But certain online platforms , most notably Instagram and Snapchat , have an especially strong following among young adults . As was true in previous surveys of social media use by the Center , there are substantial age - related differences in platform use . This is especially true of Instagram and Snapchat , which are used by 67 % and 62 % of 18- to 29 - year - olds , respectively . Particularly
, better - paying jobs for humans . In a May 2017 Pew Research Center survey , around four - in - ten U.S. adults said an automated future would make the economy more efficient , let people focus on the most fulfilling aspects of their jobs or allow them to focus less on work and more on what really matters to them in life . In each instance , a majority of the public said these positive outcomes are unlikely . 3When it comes to workplace automation that has already occurred , Americans are more likely to say it has hurt U.S
fallen off steeply in recent years . According to a Pew Hispanic Center analysis of Mexican government data , the number of Mexicans annually leaving Mexico for the U.S. declined from more than one million in 2006 to 404,000 in 2010 - a 60 % reduction.2 This is likely a result of recent developments in both the U.S. and Mexico . On the U.S. side , declining job opportunities and increased border enforcement ( Passel and Cohn , 2009 ) may have made the U.S. less attractive to potential
2015 . In all , the U.S. is home to about 7 % of the world ’s Somali migrant population . Between fiscal years 2001 and 2015 , the U.S. admitted more than 90,000 refugees from Somalia , according to the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement . This refugee flow continues today , with nearly 9,000 refugees from Somalia entering the U.S. in fiscal 2015 . The U.
elective cosmetic surgery , in particular , 34 % say this is “ taking technology too far ” while 62 % consider cosmetic surgery to be an “ appropriate use of technology . ” Overall , 54 % of U.S. adults say elective cosmetic surgery leads to about equal benefits and downsides for society , while 26 % express the belief that there are more downsides than benefits . Just 16 % say there are more
” in their lives observe the holiday . Among Muslims who say religion is “ somewhat important , ” two - thirds ( 65 % ) say they fast . But even among American Muslims who say religion is “ not too ” or “ not at all ” important , a substantial share ( 41 % ) say they fast . Ramadan also is widely observed by Muslims around the world , according to a   Pew Research Center report   published in 2012 .   Indeed ,
the government surveillance programs and 2 ) their views about the way the programs are run and the people who should be targeted by government surveillance . Overall , nearly nine - in - ten respondents say they have heard at least a bit about the government surveillance programs to monitor phone use and internet use . Some 31 % say they have heard a lot about the government surveillance programs and another 56 % say they had heard a little . Just 6 % suggested that they have heard “ nothing at all ” about the programs . The 87 % of those who had heard at least something about the programs were asked follow - up
, the middle - class share of the adult population fell in seven of the 11 Western European countries examined , mirroring the long - term shrinking of the middle class in the United States . In part , the shift out of the middle class is a sign of economic progress , irrespective of changes in household incomes overall . This is because the outward shift is accompanied by a move up the income ladder , into the upper - income tier , in all countries with a shrinking middle class . At
said that they had heard most about Smith , while 28 % named Bush as the person they had heard the most about . Other prominent newsmakers last week included Hillary Clinton ( 4 % said she was the person they had heard the most about in the news lately ) and Barack Obama ( 3 % ) . Pro wrestler Chris Benoit , who reportedly took his own life after killing his wife and son , was mentioned by 3 % of the public . The News Interest Index is a weekly survey conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press aimed at gauging the public ’s interest in and reaction
candidate garners solid support from more than a quarter of Republican and Republican - leaning registered voters . Though Jeb Bush is widely known by Republican voters , just 23 % say there is a good chance they would vote for him , while 41 % say there is some chance ; 25 % say there is no chance they would vote for the former Florida governor . Mike Huckabee has similar levels of both recognition and support among Republican voters . By
in the U.S. or other countries . In recent years , about 1 million individuals per year have been identified for resettlement . Of this number , only a fraction of refugees are typically resettled . In 2016 , for example , out of approximately 1 million eligible refugees identified by UNHCR , an estimated 189,000 were resettled worldwide , with more than half ( 51 % ) of these ending up in the United States . Between 1982 and 2016 , the U.S. admitted more than two - thirds ( 69 % ) of the world
to 39 - year - olds .   In 2012 , 73 % of 35- to 39 - year - olds without a bachelor ’s degree had ever married .   By contrast , 92 % of this group had ever married in 1950 . Among college - educated adults , it is not clear that they are less likely to pursue marriage than earlier cohorts .   In 2012 , 81 % of college - educated 35- to 39 - year - olds had ever married .   Whether marriage has lost
s multiracial population . In a 2015 study that used a broader definition of the term – one that took into account how adults described their own race as well as the racial background of their parents and grandparents – Pew Research Center estimated that 6.9 % of the U.S. adult population could be considered multiracial . The 2015 study also explored the attitudes and experiences of these adults , revealing the complexities of multiracial identity . Here are five key findings
% have used six or more . At the same time , around one - quarter of Americans ( 28 % ) say they have not used any major shared or on - demand platforms , and many are wholly unfamiliar with the tools and vocabulary of the new digital economy . For instance , 15 % of Americans have used ride - hailing apps like Uber or Lyft , but twice as many have never heard of these apps before . Similarly , 11 % of Americans have used home
the tax law , while 49 % disapprove ) . However , fewer Republicans strongly approve of the law than did so in January 2018 . About seven - in - ten Republicans ( 71 % ) approve of the tax law , including 43 % who strongly approve . Early last year , about the same share of Republicans approved of the tax law ( 75 % ) , but a majority ( 57 % ) strongly approved . Most Democrats continue to express negative views of the tax law . Today , 79 % of Democrats disapprove , including 59 % who strongly disapprove . Americans are about as likely
, 19 % followed news about the football scandals very closely , compared with 11 % of men 50 and older . Though the conflict in Libya appears to be reaching a critical point , the situation there attracted modest interest last week . Just 14 % say they followed news about events in Libya very closely , matching the number that said this in early June , while 4 % say this was the news they followed most closely . But the survey was largely completed before rebel forces made their way into Tripoli on Sunday and Moammar Gadhafi ’s hold on power appeared to be slipping . For
About three - quarters of whites with at least a bachelor ’s degree ( 74 % ) say this is the case , compared with 57 % of those without a bachelor ’s degree . Among blacks , 59 % of those with more education – vs. 47 % with some college or less education – say all or most of their conversations about race are with other black people . Note : See
they have been sexually harassed at work . In a survey conducted in July and August – before the spate of recent misconduct allegations and the rapid spread of the # metoo social media campaign – 22 % of employed women said they have experienced sexual harassment on the job , compared with 7 % of employed men . Some more recent surveys by other organizations ( using somewhat different question wording ) have placed the figure higher : In an   NPR / PBS NewsHour / Marist
he did in April . As he prepares for his first presidential visit to Asia , 39 % say they are very or somewhat confident in his ability to handle an international crisis , down from 48 % six months ago . Six - in - ten say they are not too confident ( 14 % ) or not at all confident ( 45 % ) in Trump to handle an international crisis . The share expressing no confidence in Trump to handle an overseas crisis has increased seven percentage points ( from 38 % ) since April . A similar pattern is seen in public confidence in Trump
17 % unfavorable . Also , more than three - quarters ( 77 % ) of Latinos who reported that they voted for Clinton in the primaries now say they are inclined to vote for Obama in the fall election , while just 8 % say they are inclined to vote for McCain . That means that Obama is doing better among Hispanics who supported Clinton than he is among non - Hispanic white Clinton supporters , 70 % of whom now say they have transferred
either among Muslims or in the majority populations on many issues . Most notably , France shows no signs of a backlash in response to last year ’s riots . In fact , a counter trend seems to have emerged with slightly more French people saying that immigration from the Middle East and North Africa is a good thing than did so a year ago . The French public is also more inclined this year to say that Muslims living in France want to adopt French customs – a view held by an overwhelming majority of Muslims in France . Nor do German and British publics express any increase in negative views of immigrants – although
should consider in deciding whether to reopen ” ) The new national survey by Pew Research Center , conducted July 27 - Aug. 2 among 11,001 adults on the Center ’s American Trends Panel , finds broadly negative assessments of the overall U.S. response to the coronavirus outbreak – and increasingly critical evaluations of how Donald Trump , state and local government officials and public health officials have dealt with the crisis . About six - in - ten
the global environment . In general , older Americans tend to see more serious challenges in U.S.-China relations than young people do . For instance , 53 % of those ages 50 and older say China ’s human rights policies are a very serious problem , compared with
nearly one - in - four Latino adults ( 24 % ) are now former Catholics . ( We also asked about the reasons Latinos are leaving Catholicism . ) On the other hand , the percentage of all U.S. Catholics who are Hispanic is increasing . A recent study of Catholic parishes with Hispanic ministries from Boston College and CARA reports that Latinos made up about one - quarter of U.S. Catholics in the 1980s , and are about 40 % of the Catholic population today . In our surveys
S. Only around a quarter of adults (
departments , not all agencies participate every year . In 2019 , the most recent full year available , the FBI received data from around eight - in - ten agencies . BJS , for its part , tracks crime by fielding a large annual survey of Americans ages 12 and older and asking them whether they were the victim of a crime in the past six months . One advantage of this approach is that it captures both reported and unreported crimes . But
The vast majority of California ’s immigrant eligible voters ( 75 % ) have lived in the United States for more than 20 years . The share is highest ( 82 % ) among California ’s Latino immigrant voters . Smaller majorities of Asian ( 71 % ) , white ( 71 % ) and black ( 59 % ) immigrant eligible voters in California have lived in the country for at least two decades . English proficiency varies widely among the
income within India ) . Men are also more likely to have access than women , as are Indians residing in the wealthier North and West regions of India where major cities like Delhi and Mumbai are located compared with the less prosperous South and East . Overall , these patterns hold true among India ’s smartphone users as well . There has not been any growth in cellphone ownership and minimal increases in smartphone
favorable views among Egyptian Muslims since 2007 . In many of the countries surveyed , clear majorities of Muslims oppose violence in the name of Islam . Indeed , about three - quarters or more in Pakistan ( 89 % ) , Indonesia ( 81 % ) , Nigeria ( 78 % ) and Tunisia ( 77 % ) , say suicide bombings or other acts of violence that target civilians are never justified . And although substantial percentage
overdose in 2016 , the most recent year for which full data are available . ( Preliminary data suggest the 2017 number will be even higher . ) That ’s an increase of 21 % from the prior year and nearly double the 34,425 drug overdose deaths that occurred a decade earlier . Opioids – ranging from illegal street drugs like heroin to prescription painkillers – have played an especially lethal role : About two - thirds ( 66 % ) of the
even fewer Democrats (
the U.S. as their most important partner before the U.S. presidential election . But in a survey conducted after Election Day , 23 % of Germans named the U.S. as their most important partner , an increase of 13 percentage points . In addition , Americans tend to see Germany as a partner on key issues , such as protecting the environment , promoting free trade , democracy and human rights , ensuring European security , and dealing with China and Iran . But few Germans see the U.S. as a partner on most of these pressing issues . For
than a year earlier ( 19
express unfavorable views of the European Union , China , Brazil , Russia , Iran and Israel . Turks even dislike Saudi Arabia ( 53 % unfavorable and , notably , the highest favorability percentage ( 26 % ) among all countries we asked about ) . The people of Turkey also hold negative views toward NATO specifically ( 70 % dislike the organization ) . In fact , it is hard to find any country or organization the Turkish people really like , except , of course
interests . Moreover , the ties that bind the United States to Western Europe and to allies around the world are much weaker than they were than during the Cold War . Indeed , the war on terror has proven no match for the Cold War as a unifying force . Anti - Americanism is especially prevalent in countries like South Korea and Turkey , which were stalwart friends of the U.S. during the Cold War and remain key strategic
52 % currently , and 71 % of investors say the value of their portfolios have increased . Yet the survey also finds that large percentages of Americans – particularly those with lower family incomes – continue to face severe economic and job - related problems . Nearly three - in - ten ( 28 % ) say they have had trouble getting or paying for medical care in the last year , while nearly as many ( 23 % ) report problems
saying fact - checkers tend to favor one side and 51 % saying they deal fairly with all sides – though independents who lean toward the Democratic Party and those who lean toward the Republican Party diverge sharply ( 65 % vs. 37 % say fact - checkers deal fairly with all sides , respectively ) . Overall , more Americans perceive fact - checkers as fair than say the same of news organizations more generally – but news organizations , too , elicit sharply divergent views from members of the two parties . Roughly seven - in - ten Americans ( 72 % ) say news organizations tend to favor one
internet , less than half say they use social media . The interactive below provides data for levels of internet use , smartphone ownership and social media usage over time . All figures are based on total sample and include all data available for each year . You
a very serious problem , and 32 % said it was somewhat serious . Meanwhile , the percentage saying it was not a problem at all nearly doubled , from 11 % in June 2006 to 20 % in the most recent survey . Last year , 19 % said it was not a problem at all . In partisan terms , almost twice as many Democrats ( 87 % ) as Republicans ( 44 % ) say there ’s solid evidence that the earth ’
adults are Millennials , but the 16 - year span of Millennial birth years ( 1981 - 1997 ) is already about as wide a range as those of the other living generations . And Millennials are projected to surpass Baby Boomers in 2015 as the nation ’s largest living generation , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data . So it seems likely that in the near future the youngest adults will be members of a post -
of multiracial babies in the past several decades . Since just 1980 , the share of marriages between spouses of different races has almost quadrup
among all eligible voters ) and voting ( percent of registered voters who actually cast ballots ) . In 2006 , the pro - immigration rallies held in many cities raised expectations that political participation among Latinos would also increase . Census data shows a marginal increase in registration and participation rates among Latinos between 2002 and 2006 . Whites , however , also experienced a slight gain , so Latinos did not close the considerable gap
this is a major problem . And while fewer than half of Republicans ( 42 % ) say the U.S. is less respected than in the past , only 28 % think this constitutes a major problem for the country . The national survey by Pew Research Center , conducted Oct. 25 - 30 among 1 , 504 adults , finds that the public ’s views of several global threats have changed since early this year . In particular , the number viewing North Korea ’s nuclear program as a major threat to the well - being of the U.S. has increased
between Ukraine and Russia . However , open borders is not the same as no borders . Fewer than one - in - five Ukrainians ( 12 % ) and Russians ( 16 % ) think the two countries should unite as a single state . Those living in Ukraine ’s East ( 26 % ) and South ( 19 % ) are somewhat more enthusiastic about the idea of reuni
39 % of Republicans . The same U.S. adults were sampled for the March survey and September survey . This raises the possibility that some of the increase in QAnon awareness is attributable to re - asking the same people . Americans with high political knowledge are more likely than others to have heard of the conspiracy theories . Within both parties , political knowledge correlates closely with awareness of these theories . Among Democrats , those with high political knowledge are more than
and unfavor
of lower - income adults . No more than about a third in each income group say the economic system is generally fair to most Americans . There is a partisan gap on this question , however . Republicans and independents who lean to the Republican Party are evenly divided , with half saying the economic system is generally fair and half saying it favors powerful interests . Among Democrats and Democratic leaners , the vast majority ( 86 % ) say the system unfairly favors powerful interests , while only 12 % say the system is fair . Republicans ’
intend to get vaccinated and are “ pretty certain ” more information will not change their mind . Public confidence has grown that the research and development process will yield a safe and effective vaccine for COVID-19 : 75 % have at least a fair amount of confidence in the development process today , compared with 65 % who said this in September . These findings come on the heels of preliminary analysis from two separate clinical trials that have produced vaccines that are over 90 % effective ; the FDA is expected to issue decisions about the emergency authorization of these vaccines in the coming weeks . While public
Iran having nuclear weapons by a 62 % to 35 % margin . But there is a deep cleavage in opinion among religious groups in the country : 94 % of Sunni Muslims are against the Iranian nuclear program , as are 61 % of Lebanese Christians . Nearly three - in - four Shia Muslims ( 73 % ) , however , support it . Iranians are mostly Shia Muslims . And views within the region are changing . Since 2006 , opposition to Iran ’s nuclear ambitions is
which data are available . ( That survey did not include enough United Methodists to analyze separately . ) The UMC is one of the few major mainline Protestant denominations in the United States that does not sanction same - sex marriage . The Episcopal Church , the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America , the Presbyterian Church ( U.S.A. ) and others have   moved to embrace gay marriage   in recent years . ( Evangelical Protestant denominations , by contrast , have not embraced same - sex marriage . ) The internal debate over same
: Majorities of Democrats (
homosexuality is morally unacceptable . In addition , 65 % of Russians with a college degree think homosexuality is immoral , while 75 % without a college degree concur . Even among those Russians who think religion is not too or not at all important in their lives , 65 % say homosexuality is wrong . Russians generally agree that extramarital affairs and gambling are also unacceptable , but they are more divided when it comes to abortion and alcohol usage . Both are seen a morally unacceptable by 44 % of the
10 years ago . Russia is a distant second in this assessment , with only 42 % saying that country is more important than it was a decade ago . A median of only 31 % believe the U.S. plays a more important role than it did a decade ago – less than half of the share who say this of China . Only 8 % of those surveyed say China plays a less important role than it did a decade ago , the lowest share across the seven countries
while 47 % say the twin disaster has actually weakened their nation . Overall , the Japanese public is decidedly pessimistic about how things are going in their country . Fully 78 % express dissatisfaction with the country ’s direction , while an overwhelming 93 % describe the current state of the economy as bad . Compared with last year , fewer expect the economic situation to worsen , but the prevailing view is that the economy will stagnate , rather than improve in
one generation from another , the boundary falls around 1976 . Kids born after that year began coming of age in the 1990s and have experienced a very different social and political world than did Generation X , whose formative years were the 1980s . It ’s true that over the past three decades , youth have been disengaging from conventional politics . In particular , electoral participation by America ’s youngest citizens has experienced a long , slow decline . In most elections since 18- to 20 - year - olds were given the vote , voter turnout among younger Americans has fallen , and , indeed , has accounted for most of the drop
15 percentage points since May 2019 , a time in the trade war when tariffs were ramping up . Around one - in - four ( 26 % ) also describe China as an enemy of the United States – almost double the share who said this when the question was last asked in 2012 . Another 57 % say China is a competitor of the U.S. , while 16 % describe it as a partner . As the U.S. imposes sanctions on Chinese companies and officials
S. presidents did n’t have to worry so much about Congress or the courts , ” while 77 % take the view that “ it would be too risky to give U.S. presidents more power to deal directly with many of the country ’s problems ” – including sizable majorities of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 87 % ) and Republicans and Republican leaners (
that can be interpreted as
Democratic voters are less likely than other Democratic voters to describe themselves as liberal , there ’s a good deal of agreement   on several issues   between black Democrats and Democrats of other races and ethnicities . For instance , a fall 2019 Pew Research Center survey found that white , black and Hispanic Democrats have broadly similar views that immigrants make a positive contribution to the country and that it ’s the government ’s responsibility to help poor people and to ensure Americans have health care coverage . One issue where black Democrats differ from other Democrats is same - sex marriage : 88 % of white and 76 % of Hispanic Democrats say legal same - sex marriage is a good
Cellphone samples reach a more diverse sample of the public than do landlines . But this benefit is partially offset by the fact that less is known in advance about cellphone samples – in particular , where people actually live . Moreover , cellphone surveys are especially costly because of the government requirement that numbers be dialed manually . Therefore , any improvement in the accuracy and efficiency with which these samples reach the targeted respondents could yield significant benefits in terms of per - survey cost . Fortunately
for 13 % of coverage . That rises to 14 % if news about the Occupy Wall Street protests is included . Efforts to deal with the credit crisis in Europe accounted for a separate 9 % of coverage . Compared to the week ’s other top stories , the new sex abuse charges against former Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky received modest coverage , accounting for 2 % of the newshole , according to PEJ . About four - in - ten ( 41 % ) say they followed news about the nation ’s economy very closely , just about matching the 40 % that said they were
a chance for legal status supported Democrats and   34 % voted Republican . The extent of this gap also emerged in a Pew Research Center poll conducted in August which found that   more Republicans said   the priority should be on better border security and stricter law enforcement than on an approach that also includes a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants . By contrast , 45 % of Democrats said both objectives should have equal priority and 33 % wanted to put the focus on a path to citizenship . If the partisan divides were
after the fall of
( 66 % ) believe that today ’s children will be better off than their parents . But that optimism is down 10 percentage points since 2017 . Similarly , a majority of Indians ( 55 % ) are happy with the way things are going in their nation today . But that is down 15 points from 70 % in 2017 and marks a return to the level of public satisfaction in 2015 , the first full year of Naren
in digital advertising spending ( 65 % ) went to just five technology companies : Google , Facebook , Yahoo , Microsoft and Twitter . Despite this , legacy news gets relatively little boost from this digital boom . Only 5 % of local television stations ’ advertising revenue is from digital , according to data from BIA / Kelsey . And while 25 % of publicly held newspapers ’ ad revenue is from digital , they actually saw overall digital ad revenue fall by 2 % in 2015 . 3In contrast to
with 17 % of those who say the economy is doing well . People who believe inequality is a very big problem are also more likely to express disappointment in their political system in 12 of the 31 countries polled . In addition to being dissatisfied with their political system , a median of 64 % across the 34 emerging and developing nations surveyed say that higher - income people have too much influence in their political system . Just 15 % say that those with high incomes do not have enough political power , and 11 % say they have the right amount . In contrast , most think middle-
abortion : About eight - in - ten Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 82 % ) say abortion should be legal in all or most cases . A somewhat larger share of liberal ( 91 % ) than conservative and moderate ( 75 % ) Democrats say abortion should be legal in all or most cases . Democrats are ideologically divided over how far protections for legal abortion should extend : Conservative and moderate Democrats are more likely to say abortion should be legal in most cases ( 45 % ) than
6 per 100,000 for gun homicides . At 87 % , males are the vast majority of gun suicides . By age group , people 65 and older have the highest firearm suicide
freedoms . 6636 % of the nation ’s young adults ages 18 to 31 — the so - called Millennial generation — now live in their parents ’ home ,   the highest share in at least four decades . 77A record 40 % of all households with children under the age of 18 include mothers who are either the sole or primary source of income for the family . 88The U.S. , which has a total population of 317 million , is now home to a record 40.4 million immigrants . 99A
from urban communities say they were younger than 18 when they first got their own gun . ( Federal law bans the purchase of firearms from licensed gun dealers by anyone younger than 18 . However , in many states , minors still can legally possess guns . ) The relatively young age at which rural gun owners first acquired a gun is perhaps not surprising : Americans who grew up in rural areas are more likely to have grown up with guns in their homes . About seven - in - ten Americans who grew up in a rural area ( 72 % ) say there were guns in their household growing up
party unfavorably ( 48 % ) as favorably ( 47 % ) . This year ’s elections , like the previous two midterms , will take place against a backdrop of deep public dissatisfaction with national conditions . Just 29 % of Americans are satisfied with the way things are going in the country ; more than twice as many ( 65 % ) are dissatisfied . That is on par with levels of dissatisfaction before the 2010 and 2006 midterms . Views of the nation ’s economy are far less gloomy than they were four years ago ; nonetheless
money in politics could be written . Among Democrats and Democratic leaners , even larger majorities favor spending limits ( 85 % ) and think new laws would be effective ( 77 % ) . Nearly three - quarters of the public ( 74 % ) says it is very important that major political donors not have more influence than others , while an additional 16 % view this as somewhat important . However , only a relatively small share of the
vs. 33 % ) . More generally , there are stark partisan differences over how the United States should deal with global terrorism . Fully 72 % of Republicans say that using overwhelming force is the best way to defeat global terrorism . Among Democrats , just 27 % favor the use of overwhelming military force , while 66 % say relying too much on military force creates hatred that leads to more terrorism . 3Republicans are more concerned than Democrats about a number of overseas security threats . There are substantial partisan gaps in concerns over global threats – including ISIS , Iran ,
51 % in 2013 , to 23 % in 2014 , to an all - time low of 15 % today . Another measure of attitudes between nations is whether or not people believe a country respects the personal freedoms of its citizens . By that measure also , China is rising in the eyes of Russians , while the U.S. is falling . In 2008 , 66 % of Russians said the U.S. respected the personal freedoms of its people , but that number has fallen to only 41 % today . In contrast , the share of Russians who say China respects the personal
16- to 19 - year - olds , and 15.5 % among 20- to 24 - year - olds . ( While these age - specific data are n’t adjusted for seasonal variations , they only include people working or actively looking for work – not , for instance , people who are n’t counted as part of the labor force because they ’re still in school . ) The recession , in
S. adults say they trust Facebook for this type of information , a much larger share ( 59 % ) say they distrust this platform as a place to get political and election news . About three - in - ten Americans know that Instagram and WhatsApp are owned by Facebook . In a 2019 survey , Americans were asked questions about a range of digital topics , including some about the business of social media . Some 29 % of Americans correctly named WhatsApp and Instagram as companies owned by Facebook , while 22 % answered the question incorrectly . The largest
favor decreased spending on foreign aid , 23 % on aid to the unemployed ) . In most cases , the public ’s views on government spending have changed little since 2017 , but there is considerably more support for increased spending in several areas now than in 2013 . Over the past six years , public concern about the budget deficit also has declined substantially . Republicans and Democrats continue to have deep differences over increased government spending in most areas , including health care , environmental protection , aid to the unemployed and military defense . Yet veterans benefits and infrastructure continue to stand out as areas in which partisans generally agree .
may run out of cash in November . The continued loss of people , particularly school - aged children and those in their prime working age , has only worsened the island ’s economic situation and outlook . Public opinion surveys show Puerto Ricans are not confident in their economy ’s future . A Gallup poll conducted in December found that just 6 % of Puerto Rican residents thought economic conditions on the island were getting better , a far lower share than the 41 % of adults in U.S. states who said the
to help them understand the world and learn new things , large shares say they encounter negative experiences with content on the platform . Around two - thirds of users ( 64 % ) say they at least sometimes encounter videos that seem obviously false or untrue while using the site , while 60 % at least sometimes encounter videos that show people engaging in dangerous or troubling behavior . And among parents who let their young child watch
more women are running on the Democratic side than the Republican side . Among Democrats , large majorities of men ( 75 % ) and women ( 83 % ) say it ’s a good thing that more women are running for Congress this year than in the past . Republican women are about evenly divided : 45 % say this is a good thing and 47 % say it ’s neither good nor bad . Republican men are the least likely
since 2006 , from 43 % to 33 % . Still , about twice as many Republicans ( 33 % ) as Democrats ( 16 % ) support cutting legal immigration into the U.S. The new survey , which was largely conducted before the crisis at the U.S.-Mexico border involving immigrant children being separated from their parents , finds deep and persistent partisan divisions in a number of attitudes toward immigrants , as well as widespread misperceptions among the public overall about the share of the immigrant population in the U.S. that
should do something about this gap , with just 23 % saying it should do a lot . Instead , nearly half of Republicans say the government should do “ not much ” ( 15 % ) or “ nothing at all ” ( 33 % ) about the wealth divide . The differences are somewhat less stark when it comes to views of government action in reducing poverty : Nearly all Democrats ( 93 % ) and large majorities of independents ( 83 % ) and Republicans ( 64 % ) favor at least some government action . However , more than twice as many Democrats as Republicans say the government should do a lot to reduce
the relationship between the United States and Germany is good has risen from 24 % in 2018 to 34 % this year . But while Germans are now more positive about the relationship than in 2018 , their outlook is still more negative than in 2017 . Americans ’ evaluation of the bilateral relationship , on the other hand , is at its highest point in three years of surveys . 2 Americans and Germans differ over which country is most important to their own nation ’s foreign policy . In the U.S
to 30 % . 2Hispanics made up 8 % of the nation ’s voters , the same as in 2010 and 2006 , according to national exit polls . Measuring the demographics of voters is difficult using exit polls . Nonetheless , they can be useful when examining trends . Even as the Latino vote remained flat at 8 % , their share among eligible voters has grown from 8.6 % in 2006 to 11 % this year
49 % of Cubans , 45 % of Puerto Ricans and 42 % of Salvadorans . Some one - third of Salvadorans are evangelical Protestants . The differences between Hispanic origin groups fade when it comes to religious switching — the percentage of those who have left their childhood religion .   About one - third of Mexicans ( 30 % ) , Puerto Ricans ( 34 % ) , Cubans ( 33 % ) , Salvadorans ( 32 % ) and Dominicans ( 34 % ) said they
but lower priorities ” ( 45 % and 42 % , respectively ) , or to say they are not important or should not be done at all ( 37 % and 44 % ) . NASA has not put a human on the surface of the moon since the Apollo 17 mission in 1972 . But just last month , NASA announced plans to put the first woman on the moon in 2024 as part of the Artemis program . The program also aims to put human beings on the surface of Mars by
negative characteristics with one another . There is generally more antagonism in Muslim countries toward the West than vice versa , with Turkey , despite its longstanding ties with the West , now recording the most negative views of Westerners . European Muslim publics have the least negative views of Westerners , although there are significant variations among the four European Muslim publics surveyed . In particular , British Muslims have far more negative attitudes toward non - Muslims than do Muslims in France , Germany , or Spain . The 2006 survey asked non - Muslims in eight countries whether they associate a series of positive and negative characteristics with Muslims , and it asked Muslims
adults are Millennials , but the 16 - year span of Millennial birth years ( 1981 - 1997 ) is already about as wide a range as those of the other living generations . And Millennials are projected to surpass Baby Boomers in 2015 as the nation ’s largest living generation , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data . So it seems likely that in the near future the youngest adults will be members of a post -
were staying in the labor force longer and younger adults were staying out of it longer . This trend intensified during the recession and reflected a variety of factors : the need for older Americans to keep working either because of economic conditions or reductions in government and unemployment benefits ; the greater number of women who had entered the workforce and chose to stay ; and the improving health of older Americans that permitted them to stay active longer . The story
for the atom bomb attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki
Japan as Media Turns to Libya , March 30 . ” ) But that changed this week , as the budget showdown accounted for nearly twice the coverage of Japan and Libya combined . Nearly half of the public ( 47 % ) says they followed news about the budget fight very closely . Comparable numbers tracked news about Japan and news about the U.S. economy very closely ( 46 % each ) . Still , just 13 % say
expect China ’s power to increase after the outbreak . Americans ’ perceptions of China ’s military strength relative to other major military powers have also fallen . Just 6 % of Americans now view China as the world ’s top military power – down from 12 % in 2016 – though three - in - ten still see China as the leading economic power . And only 4 % of Americans think a situation in which China is the world ’
is also optimistic that
two - to - one ( 67 % to 27 % ) . Non - Tea Party Republicans are divided ( 47%-47 % ) . And while much of the focus in the congressional immigration debate has been on the GOP ’s divisions , internal differences among Democrats are just as wide . Liberal Democrats , by 74 % to 23 % , say the process of applying for legal status should go forward while border security is being increased . But only about half ( 53 % ) of the
their attention to nutrition and ingredient labels . Interestingly , those who are concerned about the issue of GM foods and those who are nutrition focused are largely different groups of Americans : Just 6 % of adults both care a great deal about GM food issues and say their own eating style is focused on being healthy and nutritious . But their eating habits , their views about organic foods , their views about GM foods and the importance of foods in health are often at odds with those of
American ideas and customs fueled by globalization . On the one hand we find admiration for our science and technology and eager consumers of our popular culture , but on the other global complaints about Americanization . In 2002 , majorities or pluralities in 35 of 42 nations said the spread of American ideas and customs to their countries was a bad thing . As we repeat these questions in coming months , I have little doubt that we will find a similar love - hate view
870 total apprehensions at the Southwest border , up from 331,333 apprehensions in fiscal 2015 . Historically , the number of apprehensions has spiked in the spring and early summer months , before dipping in the late summer , fall and winter months . But in fiscal 2016 , apprehensions rose in August and September , with monthly totals that approached the highs of April and May. Also in fiscal 2016 , apprehensions of Central Americans exceeded that of Mexicans for just the second time . This first occurred in 2014 , when there was a record surge in apprehensions of unaccompanied children and families , mostly from
through F-1 visas . There
with only about half that number ( 28 % ) who believe the administration will accept its proposals . At the same time , the public has grown more negative about the situation in Iraq and President Bush ’s handling of the war . Half of Americans now believe that the war in Iraq will turn out to be another Vietnam , while just a third think that the U.S. will accomplish its goals there . As recently as April , opinion on this issue was evenly divided ( 43
address the Supreme Court vacancy . Two - thirds of Republicans ( 66 % ) – including 71 % of conservative Republicans – say the Senate should not hold hearings on Scalia ’s replacement until the next president selects a nominee . An even larger share of Democrats ( 79 % ) say the Senate should hold hearings and vote on whomever Obama nominates ; among liberal Democrats , fully 85 % express this view . Scalia ’s death and the subsequent debate over whether the Senate should consider Obama ’s court nominee have drawn broad interest . About seven - in - ten Americans ( 71 % ) have heard a lot ( 45 % )
than others in getting messages from the presidential campaigns . About two - thirds of Black ( 65 % ) and Hispanic voters ( 65 % ) said it is at least somewhat important to them to hear from the Trump and Biden campaigns . Among white voters , 55 % said this . Four - in - ten Black voters said it is very important to hear directly from the campaigns , compared with 27 % of Hispanic and 26 % of white voters . Differences also
of U.S.-born Hispanics ( 15.3 % ) was higher than that of foreign - born Hispanics ( 13.5 % ) , after the rates for both groups peaked at more than 18 % in April . Latinos say they have had a hard time making ends meet during the outbreak , according to Pew Research Center surveys . About six - in - ten Latinos ( 59 % )
immigrants in 2007 and 1.9
$ 150,000 ) than among those with lower incomes . Roughly three - quarters ( 74 % ) of high - income Democrats had a favorable impression of the Fed , a view shared by just 40 % of high - income Republicans ( 54 % of whom viewed the Fed unfavorably ) . Democrats with family incomes of between $ 75,000 and $ 150,000 also had broadly positive views of the Fed ( 66 % favorable , 24 % un
from February to March . Also , signs have emerged that the jobs of many white - collar workers are increasingly at risk . It is possible that being able to work remotely will offer less protection as the COVID-19 downturn nears its trough . In February , before the economic impact of the coronavirus outbreak truly took hold , 40 % of American workers , or 63 million , were employed in occupations that potentially could be performed remotely , such as computer programmers , economists and human resource managers . Jobs that could not be performed remotely accounted for 60 % of U.S. employment ,
public . In both Europe and the U.S. , elected officials and the news media received even lower marks than banks and business leaders did . About four - in - ten Europeans said they trust their parliament and the national news media ( medians of 43 % and 41 % , respectively ) . Northern Europeans again expressed higher levels of confidence in these two institutions : Roughly half or more people in the Netherlands , Sweden , Germany and Denmark said they trust the news media and parliament . Notably , however , British adults reported far lower levels of trust than people in other northern European countries did : Only about a third of
groups saw historic jumps in voter turnout . Hispanics and Asians each saw their turnout rates increase to about 40 % . For both groups this was about a 13 percentage point increase over 2014 , when turnout rates had declined to record lows for a midterm election year . Meanwhile , voter turnout rates for whites ( 57.5 % ) and blacks ( 51.4 % ) increased by 11.7 and 10.8 percentage points
Feb. 10 - 13 ) . About as many ( 36 % ) say they followed news about the confrontations between governors and public employee unions that closely . News about Libya topped coverage , accounting for 31 % of the newshole , according to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ) . News about the budget standoffs in Wisconsin and other states made up 18 % of coverage . News about oil prices
mobile owners ages 18 - 24 reported using their cell phones during televised programming in the preceding 30 days . Other demographic differences in “ connected viewing ” include : Along with these demographic differences , smartphone owners use their devices to interact with televised content at far higher rates than owners of more basic cell phones . Fully 74 % of smartphone owners reported using their devices in one way or another while watching
will lead to military conflict . More than seven - in - ten in the Philippines , Japan , Vietnam , South Korea and India say this is a concern . And two - thirds of Americans agree , as do 62 % in China itself . These are among the major findings of a new survey by the Pew Research Center , conducted in 44 countries among 48,643 respondents from March 17 to June 5 , 2014 . The
have enjoyed in recent years . But it is unclear whether the Democrats ’ advantage in party identification will benefit Obama on Election Day . Romney supporters continue to say they have given more thought to this election than Obama supporters – a key measure of voter engagement . This is consistent with the Pew Research Center ’s June study that found that the GOP holds the early edge across a wide range of turnout indicators . ( For more , see
40 % in the West say they followed news about the tornadoes very closely . The public showed only modest interest in the week ’s other top stories , continuing a trend seen throughout much of 2011 . A series of major breaking news stories – including the shootings in Tucson , the upheaval in the Middle East , the disasters in Japan and the killing of Osama bin Laden – has dominated the news agenda for both
express a favorable view . Positive opinions of the news media have declined since March 2007 ; at that time , 49 % expressed an unfavorable view while 45 % had a favorable opinion . Women hold more favorable views of the press than do men , and Democrats hold more favorable views than either Republicans or independents . Conservatives are much more negative in their assessments of the press than are moderates or liberals . Americans are divided in their opinions of business corporations . About
t get too involved in the situation . Half of Republicans ( 50 % ) say it is more important for the United States not to get too involved ; just 37 % think the U.S. should take a firm stand against Russian actions . Among Democrats , 55 % prefer not getting too involved and three - in - ten ( 30 % ) say the U.S. should take a firm stand . Those who say it is more important for the U.S. taking a
advanced economies and among emerging and developing nations . Younger internet users also tend to access the internet at least daily and participate in social networking at higher rates than their older counterparts . These are among the main findings of a newly released Pew Research Center survey conducted in 40 nations among 45,435 respondents from March 25 to May 27 , 2015 . Other
s have been hurt more than other groups by the economic downturn of the past four years , while just 5 % say they have been hurt less . Some 38 % say Hispanics have been affected about as much as other groups . In their responses to a more detailed battery of questions , Latinos are more downbeat than the general public about various aspects of their economic lives . For example : Despite these downbeat assessments about their
their parents than with a romantic partner – marking a significant historical shift . More broadly , young adult geographic mobility is at its lowest level in 50 years , even though today ’s young adults are less likely than previous generations of young adults to be married , to own a home or to be parents , all of which are traditional obstacles to moving . Note : Item No . 1 in this post was updated on March 23 , 2018 , to reflect the Center ’s revised definition of the Millennia
generations : Just 27 % now say it has a positive impact , compared with 26 % of Xers and Silents and 23 % of Boomers . Younger generations tend to have more - positive views than their elders about small and large businesses as well as financial institutions and labor unions . Views of each of these institutions have grown more favorable over the past five years . Banks and financial institutions continue to be
26 % . Only
News and 5 %   naming CNN . Broadcast TV outlets and newspapers ranked second at 7 % each . In the 30 days prior to the time the survey was conducted , 43 % said they saw ads or commercials having to do with the health care law . Of those , 31 % saw ads opposed to the law , 24 % saw ads in support of
9 % say they
intermarriage rates are similar for men and women . 5Since 1980 , an educational gap in intermarriage has begun to emerge . While the rate of intermarriage did not differ significantly by educational attainment in 1980 , today there is a modest gap . In 2015 , 14 % of newlyweds with a high school diploma or less were married to someone of a different race or ethnicity . In contrast , 18 % of those with some college experience and
12 % think Trump would be an average president . Views of other candidates as potential presidents – Bernie Sanders , Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio – are more mixed . Three - in - ten ( 30 % ) say Sanders would be either a good or great president , while 35 % say he would be poor or terrible , and 22 % say he would be average . About as many voters say Cruz would be great or good in the White House ( 28 % ) as say he would be poor or terrible ( 31 % ) ; 28 % say he would be average . Similarly , voters have divided
among Christians , the
reach younger adults , African - Americans , Hispanics , and those in poorer households . And that has helped us maintain our capacity to get nationally representative samples . At Pew Internet , we recently added a question about mobile internet connectivity to our core questions identifying who uses the internet . Last year , we found that 17 % of cell owners do most of their browsing on their phone , rather than a computer and we noted that 25 % of teens fall into that category . We
leaders were not serious in responding to concerns about the country ’s nuclear program . The new survey finds little change in the public ’s sympathies in the dispute between Israel and the Palestinians , or in views of Israel ’s prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu . About a third of Americans ( 31 % ) say they sympathize with Israel a lot in its dispute with the Palestinians , while 34 % say they
about 3 million in 2050 . Puerto Rico ’s population has grown steadily since at least the 1700s , and it increased each decade between 1910 ( 1.1 million ) to 2000 ( 3.8 million ) . The population grew even during the Great Migration that occurred after World War II and into the 1960s , when hundreds of thousands left the island for the mainland . Why is Puerto Rico ’s population declining ? A   decadelong   economic recession has contributed to a historic number of people leaving Puerto Rico for the U.S. mainland . Between 2005 and 2015 , Puerto Rico had
30 , just 33 % say the government has gone too far in regulating financial institutions , while more ( 52 % ) say it has not gone far enough . Older Americans are more divided in their views . Majorities of those with at least a four - year college degree say the government has n’t gone far enough regulating financial institutions : 56 % say this , while just 34 % say regulation has gone too far . By comparison , a smaller share of
Israel too much ( 13 % ) . These views are little changed from April . In addition , the fighting between Israel and Hamas has had only a modest impact on views of prospects for a peaceful two - state solution : 43 % say a way can be found for Israel and an independent Palestinian state to coexist peacefully , while 48 % do n’t think this can happen . In April , 46 % thought a peaceful solution could be achieved , while 44 % did not . The current survey marks the first time the Pew Research Center has assessed levels of sympathy for Israel and
would mostly prefer to work with other women . To test gender preferences in the workplace , respondents who are currently employed or have ever held a job were asked a series of three questions . The first two asked whether respondents thought men and women preferred working mostly with men or with women . ( More about the responses to these questions in a moment . ) The third question asked respondents for their personal view : “ And what about you , do you mostly prefer having men as co - workers , women as co - workers , or does n’t it matter to you ? ” ( For a more detailed analysis of
, those with at least
the third consecutive year in which they outnumbered Mexicans . In fiscal 2018 , which ended Sept. 30 , the Border Patrol made 152,257 apprehensions of Mexicans . This is a sharp drop from a recent peak of 1.6 million apprehensions in fiscal 2000 , when Mexicans accounted for 98 % of apprehensions . The decline in apprehensions reflects a decrease in the number of unauthorized Mexican immigrants coming to the U.S. 3Mexicans were deported from the U.S. 192,334
not be completely overturned ) and conservative and moderate Democrats ( 82 % ) . While a 57 % majority of conservative Republicans and leaners think the Supreme Court should overturn the decision , just 27 % of moderate and liberal Republicans say the same . In fact , 71 % of moderate and liberal Republicans think the court should not completely overturn Roe v. Wade . Views on the case also vary significantly
not give up privacy and freedom for the sake of safety , while
by powerful people and organizations . The widely - shared belief that news stories are inaccurate cuts to the press ’s core mission : Just 25 % say that in general news organizations get the facts straight while 66 % say stories are often inaccurate . As recently as four years ago , 39 % said news organizations mostly get the facts straight and 53 % said stories are often inaccurate . But Americans have a very different view of the news sources they rely on than they do of the news media generally
among third- or higher - generation Latinos . Meanwhile , the share who say they most often use the term “ American ” to describe themselves rises from 4 % among immigrant Latinos to 22 % among the second generation and 33 % among third- or higher - generation Latinos . ( Only 3 % of Hispanic adults use the recent gender - neutral pan - ethnic term Latinx to describe themselves . In general , the more traditional terms Hispanic or Latino are preferred to Latinx to refer to the ethnic group . ) The U.S. Hispanic population reached 60.6 million in 2019 . About one - third ( 36 % ) of Hispanics
interest rates it ’s charged . ) Other observers have warned that if the national debt grows large enough , it could absorb so much of investors ’ money that other borrowers , particularly in the private sector , would have trouble raising cash at affordable rates . So far , though , that does n’t appear to be happening : Interest rates around the world remain quite low even as governments
this proposal by an even wider
1.3 million migrants – largely stopped once the EU - Turkey deal was put in place in March 2016 . This summer , an average of about a hundred migrants has landed on Greece ’s shores daily , down from the thousands who arrived every day last summer , according to data from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) . Meanwhile , migrants continue to enter Europe through Italy by crossing the Mediterranean from North Africa . This year ’s flow of mostly sub - Saharan Africans is about the same as last year ’s
Alexander the Great . 4In Israel , the Druze are active in public life and subject to the military draft . In fact , for more than four decades , the Israeli military had a primarily Druze infantry unit called the Herev , or sword battalion . This is in contrast with Israeli Arabs , who are exempt from military service . About six - in - ten Druze men included in our survey say they
July 1994 , according to the same May poll . In 1994 , 49 % of the public said society should discourage homosexuality . Millennials are the least likely to say they would be upset ( 29 % ) if their child told them he or she was gay or lesbian . But the older the respondents , the more likely they are to say the moment would be a difficult one : 36 % of Gen Xers say they would be upset , as would 47 % of Boomers and 55 % of Silents . The question on learning a child is gay or lesbian is largely hypothetical ( it was asked of adults with
unauthorized immigrants approve of
a serious problem . The new national survey by the Pew Research Center , conducted March 20 - 23 among 1,002 adults , finds continued public reluctance about getting too involved in Ukraine . About half ( 52 % ) say it is more important for the United States not to get too involved in the situation in Ukraine while 35 % say it is more important for the U.S. to take a firm stand against Russian actions . Opinions have changed only modestly since early March , before Russia annexed Crimea . At that time , 56 % said it was more important not to
56 % of Boomers favor same - sex marriage , while 39 % are opposed . Last year , opinion among Boomers was divided ( 46 % favored/48 % opposed ) . African Americans . Blacks have long been less supportive of same - sex marriage when compared with whites , but the share of African Americans who favor same - sex marriage has risen 12 percentage points since 2015 , from 39 % to 51 % . Republicans . For the first time , a majority of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents
market news very closely and 14 % listed this as their most closely followed story of the week . By comparison , 24 % say they followed news about the stimulus package very closely , and 11 % listed this as their most closely followed story . People with higher household incomes paid the closest attention to stock market news : 46 % of those with annual household incomes of $ 75,000 or higher paid very close attention to
the midterm elections . This survey compares attitudes about the elections and voting process with a survey conducted before the elections ( Sept. 24 - Oct. 7 ) . As the pre - election survey found , Americans have more positive views of their local election officials than those who run elections in their states or across the U.S. Majorities say that poll workers in their community and officials who run elections locally
rating . ( For more on views of college professors , see “ Republicans much ‘ colder
not able to get things done . Perceptions of Obama are nearly identical ( 44 % can get things done , 53 % can not ) . Similarly , 43 % called Bush a strong leader in the summer of 2006 , little different from the 47 % who say this about Obama today . Independents are much more likely to view Obama as empathetic than they were to view Bush this way in 2006 ( 50 % vs. 34 % ) ; and somewhat more view Obama as trustworthy ( 43
U.S. , with an additional 7 % naming Japan . ( Europe is the only region globally where more people today see China than the U.S. as the world ’s leading economy . ) The comparatively low international rating of the EU ’s economy comes despite its economic power – at least as measured by gross domestic product in purchasing power parity dollars ( i.
61 % of the general population , and 87 % have visited a library in the past year . Even more notably , 88 % have used a public library website in the past year — almost three times the rate of the Americans population overall ( 30 % ) . This is probably due to a basic self -
the Islamic faithful . In addition to these core religious beliefs , 69 % of U.S. Muslims also put a premium on working for justice and equality in society , and 62 % consider it essential to safeguard the environment . The importance of the environment is even more prominent among those who say religion is very important in their lives ; 68 % of this group say protecting the environment is essential to their Muslim identity , compared with only half ( 51 % ) of those
larger margins of error . For more information about
with those of black officers . Here are four key findings about how Hispanic police officers see their jobs : 1Like most police officers , Hispanic officers have mixed feelings about their work . A majority of Hispanic police officers ( 63 % ) say their work often or nearly always makes them feel proud , a share similar to that of black ( 60 % ) but slightly higher than among white officers ( 58 % ) . And 47 % of Hispanic officers say their work often or nearly always makes them feel fulfilled . At the same time , though , many Hispanic officers express frustration about their jobs . Roughly half ( 47 % ) say
President Felipe Calderón . Within
has gone up by 12 points . Today , 37 % of Germans say they prioritize their country ’s relationship with the U.S. while a nearly equivalent share ( 36 % ) prioritize relations with China . There has been virtually no change among Americans . Just as in 2019 , a little over four - in - ten Americans say it is more important to have a close relationship with Germany ( 43 % ) , while nearly the same share ( 44 % ) prioritize relations
in certain parts of the world . Concerns about
excellent or good earlier this month ,   while 48 % said it was only fair and 24 % called it poor .   The percent rating economic conditions as poor has declined nine points since October ( from 33 % ) . This marks the first time in Obama ’s presidency that about as many have described the economy as excellent or good ( 27 % ) as poor ( 24 % ) . Democrats are almost three times as likely to rate the economy as excellent or good than Republicans .   About two - thirds ( 66 % ) of Americans say the economy is recovering , but not strongly , compared
will be better off . There are also strong concerns about immigration in some countries . Majorities or pluralities in most nations want fewer immigrants allowed into their country . Many believe that immigrants tend to remain distinct from the broader culture and that immigration increases the risk of terrorism . The survey also finds that views about the EU and the challenges facing Europe vary in important ways across the nations included in the study . Overall , attitudes toward the EU are largely positive . Majorities in most nations polled express a favorable opinion of the Brussels - based institution , with roughly seven - in - ten in Poland and Spain holding that view
as many ( 44 % ) who
at home and abroad . Currently , 29 % cite terrorism ( 18 % ) , national security ( 8 % ) or ISIS ( 7 % ) as the most important problem facing the country today . One year ago , just 4 % of the public cited any of these issues . And while ISIS already ranked high among leading international dangers , 83 % now regard ISIS as a major threat to the well - being of the U.S. , up from 67 % in August 2014 . Public concerns that anti
about global climate change and the environment , based on recent Pew Research Center surveys . 1Two - thirds of U.S. adults say the federal government is doing too little to reduce the effects of global climate change . Similar shares say the government is doing too little to protect water ( 68 % ) and air quality ( 67 % ) , while majorities say the same when it comes to protecting animals and their habitats ( 62 % ) and protecting open lands in the national parks (
and 8 % backed Republicans . The national exit poll shows Latinos made up an estimated 8 % of voters this year.1 The share of Hispanics who voted remained unchanged from their estimated share in 2010 and 2006 despite the growing share of eligible voters ( U.S. citizens ages 18 or older ) . This year , 11 % of all eligible voters are Hispanic , up from 10.1 % in 2010 and 8.6 % in
earned their husband , and a
Democrats ( 58 % ) view Obama ’s approach as about right , while 35 % say it is not tough enough ( just 2 % say it is too tough ) . Among conservative and moderate Democrats , 45 % say Obama is not tough enough , compared with just 26 % of liberal Democrats .
initial H-1B visa approvals in recent years.2 In addition , OPT ’s eligible population has been on the rise : Between 2008 and 2016 , new college enrollments among foreign students on F-1 visas grew 104 % . Foreign students obtaining authorization to remain and work in the U.S. after graduation come from all corners of the globe , but the majority of them hold citizenship in Asia . Students from India , China and South Korea made up 57 % of all OPT participants between
allowing same - sex marriage ; in heavily Roman Catholic Poland , only 17 % of adults support gay marriage . While public debate in many countries centers on the legal recognition of same - sex unions , in other parts of the world , the question is the acceptability of homosexuality itself . A 2002 Pew Global Attitudes survey found that strong majorities of the people polled in the African and Middle Eastern countries surveyed do not view homosexuality as
67 % of those in Brazil and 54 % of those in Mexico . There was similarly broad support for ending the U.S. trade embargo against Cuba . Support for ending the embargo was stronger among Latin Americans with higher incomes , compared with lower - income respondents . Correction :   A sentence that read , in part , “ In 2013 , 57 % of Cuban Americans had been born in Cuba ” was changed to “ In 2013 , 57 % of Hispanics of Cuban
about wealthy people not paying their fair share . Fewer Republicans are bothered a lot by some corporations ( 52 % ) and wealthy people ( 45 % ) not paying their fair share . Still , these rank among the Republicans ’ top concerns among five items tested . About half of Republicans ( 53 % ) also say they are bothered a lot by the complexity of the tax system . By comparison , just 31 % of Democrats say this aspect of the system bothers them a lot . Republicans also are more likely than Democrats to be bothered a great deal by the amount they pay in taxes ( 36 % of Republicans vs. 21 % of
24 % of registered voters who support Trump said the same . The enormous gulf over the importance of COVID-19 as a voting issue is just one of many ways , large and small , in which the virus has divided the partisan camps throughout 2020 . Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents have consistently expressed far more concern over the virus than Republicans and GOP leaners . Before the election , most Republicans
a much improved ability to concentrate and process information and transfusing of synthetic blood to give people much greater speed , strength and stamina . These are just three of many enhancements that scientists and bioethicists say could arise from biomedical technologies now under development . None of the three are currently available for the purpose of enhancing otherwise healthy babies or adults , though all are in a research and development phase or are being tested in very limited circumstances for therapeutic
views of Trump ’s job performance ( 46 % approve , 47 % disapprove ) , more than twice as many women disapprove ( 63 % ) than approve ( 30 % ) . As has been the case since he became president , Trump ’s job approval ratings are divided along partisan lines ; they are more polarized than any president ’s dating to Dwight Eisenhower . Similarly , there are large partisan divides in evaluations of
want more cooperation with Russia . All this is happening against a backdrop of previously released research showing a sharply negative turn in America ’s image among Germans . Americans , for their part , are politically divided over tariffs on Germany ( while Germans overwhelmingly support retaliatory tariffs ) , and few Americans see Germany as the most or second - most important foreign policy partner . About a third of Germans still rank the U.S. as one of their most important partners ( 35 % ) ,
is multiracial was a big task . As researchers specializing in social trends , the topic had immediate appeal and it ’s also a natural extension of our other work on race and ethnicity . The multiracial population is growing at a remarkable pace ; even the projected growth rate you cite may be too conservative . Yet we discovered while doing preliminary research for this study that there are no major nationally representative surveys of multiracial Americans . To the best of our knowledge , this is the first one
there is no consensus about whether Turkey ’s future lies more with Europe or the Middle East : 17 % of Turks believe their country should look to Europe in the future ; 25 % say the Middle East ; and 37 % volunteer that both regions are equally important . Turks are almost evenly divided about the current direction of their country : 49 % are dissatisfied with the way things are going and 48 % are satisfied . This is a notable improvement from last year , when 60 % were
than seven - in - ten saying they tracked either news about Japan ( 57 % ) or about allied air strikes in Libya ( 15 % ) more closely than any other news . That is rarely the case for this index , which measures public interest in a wide range of stories . Looking at surveys conducted since the start of 2009 , interest in international news cumulatively has rarely made up a high percentage of the index . One exception came last month . In mid - February , 48 % said they were following developments in Egypt most closely the week that Hosni Mubarak stepped down . In mid - October of last year , 40 % said
of political negotiations between
% say it was not . A majority of those who saw the cover ( 54 % ) think it was offensive . Relatively few ( 27 % ) think it was funny . Again , there are significant differences between Republicans and Democrats . An overwhelming majority of Democrats ( 70 % ) find the image offensive . This compares with only 41 % of Republicans . More than half of Democrats ( 53 % ) say the cover was racist . Only 19 % of Republicans agree . On balance , however , Republicans do not think the cover was clever — 40 % say it was , and 58 % disagree . Only 22 % of Democrats find the cover clever , 77 % say
( 17 % ) . Most Muslim Americans ( 64 % ) also say they are dissatisfied with the way things are going in the U.S. – a sharp rise since the Center ’s last comprehensive survey of U.S. Muslims in 2011 , when just 38 % took this position and 56 % said they were satisfied with the country ’s direction . In stark contrast with their current feelings about Trump , most Muslims
editing to make a baby more intelligent ; eight - in - ten ( 80 % ) say this would be taking medical technology too far . These are some of the findings from a new Pew Research Center survey conducted April 23 - May 6 , 2018 , among 2,537 U.S. adults . While public discussions about potentially altering a baby ’s genetic makeup have been ongoing for decades , the development of a new gene - splicing technology – known as CRISPR – has accelerated the debate and brought new urgency to better understanding public opinion about gene editing as well as the broader social , ethical and policy implications
opposition to gay marriage . In the current survey , 22 % say they strongly support allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally ; an identical percentage ( 22 % ) strongly opposes gay marriage . In 2008 , there was about twice as much strong opposition to as strong support for gay marriage ( 30 % vs. 14 % ) . In 2004 , when the issue was widely thought to have increased turnout among socially conservative voters in several key states , 36 % strongly opposed gay
progress made by the campaign faded over the course of the year
black Democratic voters are less likely than other Democratic voters to describe themselves as liberal , there ’s a good deal of agreement   on several issues   between black Democrats and Democrats of other races and ethnicities . For instance , a fall 2019 Pew Research Center survey found that white , black and Hispanic Democrats have broadly similar views that immigrants make a positive contribution to the country and that it ’s the government ’s responsibility to help poor people and to ensure Americans have health care coverage . One issue where black Democrats differ from other Democrats is same - sex marriage : 88 % of white and 76 % of Hispanic Democrats say legal same - sex marriage is a good
tend to follow news stories less closely than their partisan counterparts . But independents ’ interest in news about corruption in Congress is on par with interest among Democrats , and exceeds Republicans ’ interest in these reports . Overall , 69 % of voters who are closely following reports about corruption say most members should not be reelected in 2006 , far more antagonism than among people who are less engaged in the story . And among independents , these feelings are even stronger .
hear more about Romney ’s wealth ( 21 % ) , his family and upbringing ( 19 % ) or his religious beliefs ( 16 % ) . The latest national survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , conducted July 19 - 22 among 1,001 adults , including 798 registered voters , finds that overwhelming percentages of Democrats ( 93 % ) , independents ( 91 % ) and Republicans ( 89 % ) say they already know enough about Obama to form a clear impression of him . By contrast , Republican voters are more likely than Democrats to feel they need to learn more about Romney to form a clear impression of him (
to 35.2 million . Unauthorized immigrants were 23 % of the 45.6 million foreign - born residents in the U.S. in 2017 . Despite the decline over the decade , the number of unauthorized immigrants in 2017 was triple the 3.5 million in 1990 . The number of unauthorized immigrants rose over the 2007 - 2017 decade from two birth regions : Asia and Central America . The numbers declined over the past decade from two others : South America and the combined regions of Europe and Canada . The decline was statistically significant among European - born unauthorized
’s feelings about government tend more toward frustration than anger . Most Americans ( 55 % ) continue to say they are frustrated with the federal government , while relatively few say they are either angry ( 22 % ) or basically content ( 19 % ) . On both measures of trust in government and emotional reactions to government , improving views among Republicans and Republican - leaning independents have been offset by more negative views among Democrats and Democratic - leaning
outcome of political negotiations
spreading COVID-19 to others , compared with 38 % of black adults and 28 % of white adults . And Hispanics ( 43 % ) and blacks ( 31 % ) are far more likely than whites ( 18 % ) to be very concerned over getting COVID-19 and needing to be hospitalized . The new national survey by Pew Research Center , conducted April 7 to 12 among 4,917 U.S. adults on the American Trends Panel , finds sharp racial disparities in personal experiences with knowing people who have had serious illnesses arising from COVID-19 . Among the public overall
54 % say the same about “ Russia ’s power and influence . ” Over the same period , the share of the public describing the refugee movement from countries such as Iraq and Syria as a major threat to the United States has declined nine percentage points ( from 55 % to 46 % ) . There are substantial partisan differences in perceptions of most global threats . As in the past , the biggest divide by far is over the threat presented by global climate change . Nearly eight - in - ten ( 77 % ) Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents say global climate change is a major threat to the well - being of the United States
undo Obama - era policies from the 2010 health care overhaul to environmental regulations to a program that shielded nearly 800,000 young unauthorized immigrants from deportation . Republicans were buoyed by the arrival of the first GOP president in eight years and cheered his successful nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court . While some GOP members of Congress found themselves at odds with an unconventional and outspoken chief
2010 . In 2012 , 91 % of black voters supported Democrats and 8 % backed Republicans . The national exit poll shows Latinos made up an estimated 8 % of voters this year.1 The share of Hispanics who voted remained unchanged from their estimated share in 2010 and 2006 despite the growing share of eligible voters ( U.S. citizens ages 18 or older ) . This year , 11 % of all eligible voters are Hispanic , up from 10.1 % in 2010 and 8.6 % in
the relationship was bad . Despite their generally negative perceptions , only one - in - ten Germans say the relationship with the U.S. is very bad . Most Americans ( 58 % ) , for their part , say the relationship is somewhat good , while a far smaller share ( 12 % ) say it is very good . 2Seven - in - ten Americans say the U.S. should cooperate more with Germany , but only 41 % of Germans say Germany should cooperate more with the U.S. German views
below $ 30,000 . 2Just over half of smart speaker owners are at least somewhat concerned about the amount of data collected by these devices . Some 54 % of smart speaker owners ( which amounts to 13 % of all U.S. adults ) say they are very or somewhat concerned about the amount of personal data their speakers collect . Though smart speaker ownership varies , privacy concerns among those who have these devices are mostly similar across demographic groups . 3Americans who own smart speaker devices have mixed views on whether it is important for this technology to personalize their preferences . About one - in - five speaker owners ( 18 % )
from 64 % in 2010 . A similar increase in households of three or more is apparent among 55- to 64 - year - olds . While bigger households may be bad for the wider economy , they are often advantageous for the households themselves . The additional household members may be working adults who contribute to household income . The widely noted arrangement of young adults residing with their parents demonstrates the economic benefits of bigger households . Last year , 6 % of families that had at least one adult child age
about global climate change and the environment , based on recent Pew Research Center surveys . 1Two - thirds of U.S. adults say the federal government is doing too little to reduce the effects of global climate change . Similar shares say the government is doing too little to protect water ( 68 % ) and air quality ( 67 % ) , while majorities say the same when it comes to protecting animals and their habitats ( 62 % ) and protecting open lands in the national parks (
their countries of origin . The refugee counts also   do n’t include “ internally displaced persons ” ( IDPs )
problem where they live . Non
of the total . Labor market outcomes are tracked using a variety of indicators . Economic trends are reflected in levels of employment and unemployment , and in the employment and unemployment rates . The extent to which persons ages 16 and older participate in the labor force , either working or seeking work , is also influenced by economic conditions — people are drawn into the labor market during expansions , and they withdraw during recessions . Changes in these indicators are the key to understanding the impact of the recession on different racial and ethnic groups . The principal findings of the analysis ,
were generally good . A year later , in a major survey of the public ’s attitudes about race and racial inequality , opinions about the state of race relations were divided ( 48 % generally bad , 44 % generally good ) . Today , a 56 % majority expresses a negative view of race relations , while 38 % say relations are generally good . As in the past , whites have a more positive view of race relations than do blacks or Hispanics . Currently , 40 % of whites say race relations are generally
for more than half a century , and its final midterm election polls have consistently paralleled actual election results . Indeed , on average , the final Gallup Poll has been within 1.1 % of the actual vote . Similarly , surveys by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press ( as well as its predecessor , the Times Mirror Center for the People & the Press ) have consistently shown that the generic ballot closely tracks election results.2 For example ,
news , around half of non - payers ( 49 % ) point to the widespread availability of free content . 15The most active 10 % of adult Twitter users in the U.S. produce 80 % of all tweets sent by these users . The median adult user of the platform tweets just twice a month , but a small group tweets much more frequently , according to our April study .
the leading threat to their countries , perhaps reflecting these nations ’ economic struggles in recent years . Many countries surveyed in the Middle East and Latin America name economic turmoil as their second - greatest concern . The influx of refugees , which was of particular concern in Europe in 2016 , is seen as a major threat by a median of 39 % across the 38 countries . It is the top threat in only one country , however : Hungary . Globally , a median of about one -
the U.S. audience . Overall , 13 % of Americans followed this story very closely and just 2 % were following the bombings most closely . In the current survey , 17 % reported following news about Michael Jackson very closely , down from 30 % the weekend following his death on June 25 . Among the public overall , 17 % cited Jackson news as their most closely followed story , a significant decline from recent weeks . However , among African - Americans Jackson remained the biggest story
the death penalty . Two decades ago , when majorities in both parties favored the death penalty , the partisan gap was only 16 percentage points ( 87 % of Republicans vs. 71 % of Democrats ) . And , for the first time in decades , independents are as likely to oppose the use of the death penalty ( 45 % ) as they are to favor it ( 44 % ) . The share of independents who support capital punishment has fallen 13 points since last year (
all tweets analyzed over the year studied . And as our previous research found to be true of Twitter content more broadly , this analysis finds that a small share of users produce the vast majority of content related to national politics : 97 % of tweets from U.S. adults that mentioned national politics over the study period came from just 10 % of users . A total of 2,427 respondents with public Twitter accounts participated in the survey ; collectively , they produced more than 1.1
849 web users , with a margin of error of plus or minus 2.4 percentage points . For more information on the American Trends Panel ,
en voter interest in the 2016 election . Fully 80 % of registered voters say they have given “ quite a lot ” of thought to the election , the highest share at this point in any campaign since 1992 . Four years ago , 67 % of voters said they had given a lot of thought to the election , and at this point in 2008 – the previous election in which both parties had contested nominations – 72 % did so . In part , this is a reflection of the widespread belief that a great deal is at stake in the upcoming election . In every campaign since 2004 , majorities
of the newshole . The Sotomayor nomination was the most closely followed story for 15 % of the public . About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say they followed the stories very closely , while a comparable share followed them fairly closely . Still , close to a quarter ( 23 % ) say they followed this story – the top story in terms of coverage — not at all closely . Meanwhile , 15 % say they followed
on contentious political issues . The public ’s taste for compromise and moderation is limited by several factors . First , while political leaders who are willing to compromise are viewed as appealing , so too are those who demonstrate political conviction . Two - thirds say they like politicians who stick to their positions , even if unpopular . There also is much greater support for compromise in principle than there is on contentious issues , such as the war in Iraq and abortion policy . On
46 % to 23 % for women ) . Asked about how various institutions and their leaders will fare during Trump ’s presidency , majorities say business corporations ( 74 % ) and the military ( 64 % ) will increase their influence with Trump as president . By contrast , 60 % say environmentalists will lose influence , while 54 % say the same about union leaders . Views about the impact of Trump ’s presidency on Washington lobbyists are mixed : While 36 % think they will gain influence under the new administration , about as many ( 37 % ) say they will
62 % ) Americans
is not much more that can be done . The steps the government has taken since 9/11 are generally seen as having made the country safer . Six - in - ten ( 60 % ) say steps taken by the government since Sept. 11 , 2001 have made the country safer , while 35 % say these actions have not had much of an effect . The survey finds only modest partisan differences in these opinions . Republicans and Democrats are about equally
events in Tucson as a sign of broader social problems . Most ( 58 % ) Americans say things like this are just the isolated acts of troubled individuals . Only about half as many ( 31 % ) saw the shooting in Tucson as a reflection of broader problems in American society . By comparison , Americans were more likely to see broader problems behind the Virginia Tech shootings nearly four years ago – at that time , 46 % thought the tragic events reflected broader societal problems . Those who see broader social problems behind the shooting offer a variety of explanations . When asked to describe , in their own words , what the tragedy reflects in society , 27 % point
underperform their international counterparts : Nearly half of Democrats ( 47 % ) say U.S. public schools are below average compared with schools in other developed nations , while just 34 % of Republicans say the same . Liberal Democrats offer particularly critical evaluations of the nation ’s public schools relative to those in other countries , with 56 % saying U.S. public schools are below average ( compared with 38 % of conservatives and moderates in the party
including 2,120 registered voters , finds broad agreement about the importance of some aspects of democracy , such as fair and open elections . But there are sharp divisions over whether other aspects are very important to maintaining a strong democracy – notably , that losers of elections recognize the legitimacy of the winners and that news organizations are free to criticize politicians . Overwhelming majorities of Clinton ( 93 % ) and Trump ( 91 % ) backers say it is very important that national elections be
( 66 % ) believe that today ’s children will be better off than their parents . But that optimism is down 10 percentage points since 2017 . Similarly , a majority of Indians ( 55 % ) are happy with the way things are going in their nation today . But that is down 15 points from 70 % in 2017 and marks a return to the level of public satisfaction in 2015 , the first full year of Naren
, according to the projections . Although immigrants are projected to be a record 18 % of the population in 2065 , the foreign - born population will be growing more slowly in 50 years than it has recently . From 2055 to 2065 , the immigrant population is projected to rise by 9 % , compared with 17 % from 2005 to 2015 ( which was markedly lower than the growth of more than 40 % for each of the three preceding 10 - year periods ) . The projections
, due in part to a new government decree that allows the Ministry of Home Affairs to stop any religious activity that it sees as counter to policies , traditional customs or laws within its jurisdiction . 2The share of countries with “ high ” or “ very high ” levels of social hostilities involving religion remained stable at 27 % . Countries in these two categories scored at least a 3.6 on the Social Hostilities Index , a 10 - point scale based on 13 measures of social hostilities involving religion , including tensions between religious groups and religion - related terrorism . Although the share of countries in these categories did not change since last year ,
say tax rates on corporations and large businesses should be lowered , while 32 % say they should be raised ( 23 % want them kept as they are ) . And only about a third of Republicans ( 36 % ) say tax rates on household incomes above $ 250,000 should be reduced ; nearly as many ( 33 % ) say they should be kept as they are and 26 % want them raised . There is more support for tax cuts for corporations among conservative Republicans ( 48 % ) than among moderate and liberal Republicans ( 28 % ) . Similarly , conservative Republicans ( 41 % ) are
in 2014 and 2015 , but they had more muted concerns about surveillance of their own data .   Roughly four - in - ten said they were somewhat or very concerned about government monitoring of their activity on search engines , email messages and cellphones . Roughly three - in - ten expressed the same amount of concern over monitoring of their activity on social media and mobile apps . 6The vast majority of Americans ( 93 % ) said that being in control of who can
networks and major national newspapers . Although its audience is not as large as major TV networks , the show attracts a following similar to some national newspapers : One - in - ten ( 10 % ) online adults said they got news from the show in the previous week , on par with such sources as the Wall Street Journal and USA Today . 2Younger males are the most likely to use and trust The Colbert Report as a source of news about government and politics . In our recent survey of online adults , nearly a quarter ( 22 % ) of 18- to 29- year - old
11 % thought news reports painted too rosy a picture . Looking at the public ’s news interest last week , nearly three - in - ten ( 28 % ) say they followed news about the economy most closely , while 12 % say they followed news about this year ’s congressional elections that closely . The media devoted 26 % of its coverage to the November midterms , nearly three times the 9 % of newshole taken up by economic news , according to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism . As the economic crisis worsened in
error . For more information about the Project for Excellence in Journalism
1,502 adults , including 1,136 registered voters , gauges the impact of various issue positions on the preferences of possible Republican and Democratic primary voters . Opposition to the Iran nuclear agreement resonates strongly with possible Republican primary voters : 69 % say they would be more likely to vote for a candidate who wants to end the nuclear agreement , while just 14 % say they would be less likely to favor such a candidate ; 14 % say this would
president than did so
just 3 % of newlyweds in or around   Asheville , North Carolina , and Jackson , Mississippi , are intermarried . ( Interactive : Which U.S. metro areas have the largest and smallest shares of intermarried newlyweds ? ) Generally , newlyweds living in metropolitan areas are more likely to be intermarried ( 18 % ) than those in more rural , non -
empty
NAEP ) indicated a dip in math proficiency among U.S. students for the first time since 1990 – but some improvement in science . There are glaring differences between Europe and the United States when it comes to foreign language education . A median of 92 % of European primary and secondary students are learning a foreign language in school , compared with just 20 % of K-12 students in the U.S. 6The high educational attainment among young Americans today
reform got more media coverage than any other story , taking up 17 % of the newshole analyzed by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism . That was down from 32 % of coverage the previous week when Obama delivered his address to Congress . The president also continued to be the top newsmaker as measured by PEJ . Not surprisingly , Republicans are much more likely than Democrats to say they have been hearing too much about Obama .
express a positive view
produced by both agencies . To some extent , the data discrepancy between them reflects differences in what each agency measures : The Census Bureau classifies the children based on the race and Hispanic origin of both parents , while the National Center for Health Statistics reports only the mother ’s race . The two agencies also use somewhat different methods to categorize race . But the bottom line is that people who want to know whether a new era in the nursery
information about a colleague
among independents ( from
just 32 % predicted that Cuba would become more democratic . The latest Pew Research Center survey , conducted July 14 - 20 , 2015 among 2,002 adults , finds that support for renewed U.S. diplomatic relations with Cuba has increased across nearly all partisan groups since January . Currently , 56 % of Republicans say they approve of the U.S. re - establishing diplomatic relations with Cuba , up 16 percentage points since January . Larger majorities of Democrats ( 83 % ) and independents ( 75 % ) favor renewed diplomatic relations with Cuba , up nine and eight percentage points , respectively ,
65 % of African Americans say the police have gone too far in responding to the shooting ’s aftermath . Whites are divided : 33 % say the police have gone too far , 32 % say the police response has been about right , while 35 % offer no response . Whites also are nearly three times as likely as blacks to express at least a fair amount of confidence in the investigations into the shooting . About half of whites ( 52 % ) say they have a great
next five years ;
at home and abroad . Currently , 29 % cite terrorism ( 18 % ) , national security ( 8 % ) or ISIS ( 7 % ) as the most important problem facing the country today . One year ago , just 4 % of the public cited any of these issues . And while ISIS already ranked high among leading international dangers , 83 % now regard ISIS as a major threat to the well - being of the U.S. , up from 67 % in August 2014 . Public concerns that anti
to 21 % – since shortly after the 2018 midterm election , when Democrats gained a majority in the House of Representatives . Since then , the share of Democrats who anticipate improved partisan relations has increased 22 percentage points , from 13 % to 35 % , while remaining virtually unchanged among Republicans at 6 % . Meanwhile , the public continues to have largely negative views about the state of partisan divisions in the country . A majority of Americans ( 69
whether the statues perpetuated racism or merely reflected a common history . In August , a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville , Virginia , led to violent clashes in the city ’s streets , including the death of one person and the injury of 19 others when a car driven by an alleged white nationalist sped into a crowd of counterprotesters . Discussions of race extended to other venues as well . When the NFL season began in the fall , some players protested
% to 47 % ) , though two - thirds ( 67 % ) of moderate or liberal Republicans believe a continued role for NASA in U.S. space exploration is essential . NASA oversees a diverse portfolio of space - related missions , from sending robotic probes to explore distant planets to launching satellites that study Earth ’s atmosphere and oceans . When asked to rate the importance of nine of these missions , majorities of Americans say a top priority for NASA should
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu favorably , while a median of 12 % have a positive view of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad or Iranian President Hassan Rouhani . Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan is the exception to the generally negative views , but opinion of him is still mixed . With respect to the ongoing conflict in Syria , publics are divided on how long they expect it to continue ; a median of 26 % expect the war in Syria to end in
sources , though majorities of
the depth of public support is limited : A median of only 37 % across the 12 nations polled describe representative democracy as a very good form of governance . In only one country – Sweden ( 54 % ) – do more than half express this view . Foreign policy experts convey a much higher level of commitment to representative democracy ( 72 % say “ very good ” ) . These expert views emerge from polling of policymakers and opinion shapers who belong to the German Marshall Fund ’s
are not too or not at all important . However , there is considerable variance in the shares saying each is very important . Overwhelming majorities say it is very important that rights and freedoms of all people are respected ( 85 % ) and that elected officials face serious consequences for misconduct ( also 85 % ) . Large majorities of adults also say it ’s very important that judges are not influenced by political parties or elected officials ( 83 % ) , everyone has an
about government tend more toward frustration than anger . Most Americans ( 55 % ) continue to say they are frustrated with the federal government , while relatively few say they are either angry ( 22 % ) or basically content ( 19 % ) . On both measures of trust in government and emotional reactions to government , improving views among Republicans and Republican - leaning independents have been offset by more negative views among Democrats and Democratic - leaning
from 48 % in 2013 . In Nigeria , 72 % of the public is concerned about Islamic extremism , similar to the seven - in - ten who said this in last year ’s survey , before the most recent spate of terrorist attacks and kidnappings in its northern provinces . Both Nigerian Muslims ( 76 % ) and Nigerian Christians ( 69 % ) express high levels of concern . Only 46 % Senegalese are worried about extremism , down from the three - quarters registered in 2013 when unrest in neighboring Mali led to fears about extremists crossing the border . ( In fact , 91 % of
revenue comes from print . Indeed , print newspaper readers tend to be news enthusiasts . They are more likely to often watch local TV news than those newspaper readers who access the paper online instead of or in addition to the print edition . And although print - only readers in the three cities studied are certainly older than their counterparts who access the paper online – in their mid-50s , compared with online newspaper readers , who were generally in their early to mid-40s –
he did in April . As he prepares for his first presidential visit to Asia , 39 % say they are very or somewhat confident in his ability to handle an international crisis , down from 48 % six months ago . Six - in - ten say they are not too confident ( 14 % ) or not at all confident ( 45 % ) in Trump to handle an international crisis . The share expressing no confidence in Trump to handle an overseas crisis has increased seven percentage points ( from 38 % ) since April . A similar pattern is seen in public confidence in Trump
ages 34 - 45 ) , Trailing Boomers ( ages 46 - 55 ) , Leading Boomers ( ages 56 - 64 ) , Matures ( ages 65 - 73 ) , and After Work ( age 74+).3 Regardless of the control factor , those in the higher - income bracket were statistically significantly more likely to be internet and email users than those in the other income brackets with the same control factor . In nearly all cases , the practical effect of the control
and Republican - leaning
its two NAFTA partners . Political partisanship is linked to   views of NAFTA , most notably in the U.S. About two - thirds ( 68 % ) of Democrats see NAFTA as good for the U.S. , while only 30 % of Republicans hold that view . And intensity of sentiment differs widely along party lines : While 33 % of Republicans believe NAFTA has been very bad for the country , only 6 % of Democrats agree . In the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign , NAFTA
American teens ages 13 to 17 have ever dated , hooked up with or been otherwise romantically involved with another person,1 and 18 % are currently in a romantic relationship . Though 57 % of teens have begun friendships in a digital space , teens are far less likely to have embarked on a romantic relationship that started online . A majority of teens with dating experience ( 76 % ) say they have only dated people they met via offline methods . One - quarter ( 24 % ) of
540,000 ) . 3About a third of the UK ’s immigrants ( 2.9 million , or 34 % ) were born in other EU countries . By contrast , Luxembourg , at 89 % , has the highest share of its immigrant population that is from other EU countries . The UK ’s neighbor Ireland also has a higher share ( 74 % ) of EU immigrants , as does Germany ( 44 % ) , the EU country with the highest number of immigrants . Brexit debates have mostly
they use three or
threats ” to the U.S. , according to a survey conducted in October 2017 . But there are partisan differences on other perceived threats . For example , Democrats are far more likely than Republicans to see Russia ’s power and influence as a major threat ( 63 % vs. 38 % ) . The large partisan gap on views of Russia only emerged after the 2016 presidential election . For several years before that , Republican and Democratic views about the
nonwhite . While census estimates have shown a shift toward a majority - minority infant population , estimates about the race of mothers from another data source – the National Center for Health Statistics – do not . Its preliminary 2015 data indicate that 54 % of births are to non - Hispanic white mothers , a similar share as in 2011 , 2012 , 2013 and 2014 . However , the two agencies measure race differently . For example , the Census Bureau reports data about children of multiple
moved away from the Republican Party at some point , but returned by March 2017 . The numbers are very similar among those who were Democrats in 2015 : 79 % consistently identified as Democrats or leaned Democratic in all five surveys , while 9 % switched parties at some point but came back to the Democratic Party by March . However , about one - in - ten in both parties changed their partisan leanings . Among those who had identified as Republicans or leaned Republican in the December 2015 survey , 11 % either identified as Democrats or leaned Democratic nearly a year and a half later . About the same share of those
partisan divides in many of these views have grown wider . For example , in December 2016 , 57 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners , compared with 20 % of Republicans and Republican leaners said that blacks faced a lot of discrimination – a 37 - percentage - point gap . That has increased to 50 percentage points in the current survey : 69 % of Democrats now say blacks face a lot of discrimination , compared with 19 % of Republicans .
will be better off . There are also strong concerns about immigration in some countries . Majorities or pluralities in most nations want fewer immigrants allowed into their country . Many believe that immigrants tend to remain distinct from the broader culture and that immigration increases the risk of terrorism . The survey also finds that views about the EU and the challenges facing Europe vary in important ways across the nations included in the study . Overall , attitudes toward the EU are largely positive . Majorities in most nations polled express a favorable opinion of the Brussels - based institution , with roughly seven - in - ten in Poland and Spain holding that view
The ABC / Washington Post survey finds as many disapproving as approving ( 48 % each ) of the way the president is handling the budget deficit , though by nearly two - to - one more say they trust Obama to do a better job handling the issue ( 56 % ) than the Republicans in Congress ( 30 % ) . The CBS / New York Times survey found just 30 % saying the Obama administration has developed a clear plan for dealing with the current budget deficit , while 60 % say they have not developed a plan yet . But the Pew Research Center ’
4 % to 9 % ) , according to preliminary data from the University of Michigan ’s Monitoring the Future ( MTF ) survey . In addition , vaping increased among college students from 2017 to 2018 , the most recent year for which MTF has released data for this group . In fact , the uptick in vaping among college students for nicotine ( from 6 % in 2017 to 16 % in 2018 ) and marijuana ( from 5 % to 11 % ) were among the greatest one - year increases for any substance asked about since the survey was first administered in 1975 . ( The long - running annual survey is first distributed to a nationally
has a positive ( 44 % ) as negative ( 46 % ) impact on the way things are going in the country . The share of Democrats holding a positive view of the news media ’s impact has increased 11 percentage points since last August ( 33 % ) . Republicans , by about eight - to - one ( 85 % to 10 % ) , say the news media has a negative effect . These views have changed little in the past few years .
in mid - October . In addition , Sen. John Kerry ’s “ botched joke ” about the war in Iraq attracted enormous attention . Fully 84 % of voters say they have heard a lot or a little about Kerry ’s remarks ­ with 60 % saying they have heard a lot . By comparison , just 26 % say they have heard a lot about President Bush ’s statement that he will
Venezuela ( 77 % ) . But two - thirds in Brazil and more than half in Mexico ( 54 % ) also approve of this step by the U.S. to re - establish ties , which have been severed for more than 50 years . People in Latin America also strongly support the U.S. ending its trade embargo against Cuba , which U.S. President Barack Obama has pledged to do , but would need congressional approval to move forward . Overall , a median of 76 % across five Latin American
should never favor one political party over another . In only five countries do at least three - in - ten believe it is okay to favor one side . While publics around the globe place a premium on politically unbiased news media , this is precisely the performance area , among four asked about , where publics are least likely to say their news media are doing well . A median of only 52 % across the 38 nations polled say the news media in their country do a good job of reporting on political issues fairly , while 44 % say they do not . And although majorities of the public
Muslim Brotherhood from power . These slender majorities may be lower than some expected , given that media reports from Egypt over the last year have often emphasized Sisi ’s popularity and broad support for the takeover . 3The Muslim Brotherhood ’s ratings are down – but a substantial minority still like them . Three - in - four Egyptians had a favorable opinion of the Muslim Brotherhood back in 2011 , in the months after Mubarak
the needs of ordinary people or that it is effective in actually solving international problems . This last pair of findings is in line with past Pew Research Center surveys , which have demonstrated that while people tend to view multilateral organizations like the European Union and NATO favorably , doubts about these institutions persist . For example , many Europeans feel the EU does not understand the needs of its citizens and are reluctant to fulfill their country ’s Article 5 obligations as NATO members
has a great deal or fair amount of respect for the country ’s democratic institutions and traditions , while 54 % say he has not too much respect or no respect . These views are deeply split along partisan and ideological lines . Most conservative Republicans ( 55 % ) say Trump has a “ great deal ” of respect for democratic institutions ; most liberal Democrats ( 60 % ) say he has no respect “ at all ” for these traditions and institutions . Government and politics seen as working better locally than nationally . Far more Americans have a favorable opinion of their local government ( 67 % ) than of the federal government ( 35 % ) . In
only 48 % say the same in England , Northern Ireland and Wales . Meanwhile , the rest of the UK feels more threatened by the large number of refugees leaving countries such as Iraq and Syria ( 54 % major threat ) . Just 41 % of Scottish people agree . 5The rest of Europe sees Brexit as pivotal for the well - being of the EU . Before the referendum , a median of 70 % said that they thought it would be a bad thing for the EU if the UK were to leave . This included 89 % of the Swedes ,
of those under 30 . The age gap over U.S. military action against ISIS is different from the dynamic that existed in the lead - up to the 2003 war in Iraq as well as opinions during the Vietnam War . In late 2002 , in the run - up to U.S. military conflict , it was older adults who were the most dovish about military action in Iraq . While adults under 30 favored military action by three - to - one ( 69 % favor-23 % oppose ) , adults 65 and older offered less support ( 51%-31 % ) . And during the past decade of Pew Research
of U.S.-born Hispanics say they are worried about deportation of someone they know , while 55 % say they worry not much or not at all about deportation . Deportation concerns among Hispanics are little changed from 2013 , when 46 % of Hispanics said they worried , and is down from 52 % in 2010 . Overall , all major subgroups of Hispanics have seen a decline in their worry about deportation or no change in recent years . For example , in 2010 , 84 % of Hispanic immigrants who were not U.S. citizens and not lawful permanent residents said
with 1,000 or more students are unavailable . ) Few primary schools with officers on site at least once a week reported that officers were at school for all instructional hours every day ( 13 % ) . In contrast , 85 % of primary schools with officers present said these officers were on site at some point   during school hours , while smaller majorities said officers were at school when students were arriving or leaving ( 67 % ) or at selected school activities , such as science
. among the greatest nations , rather than saying it stands above others or that other nations are superior . In the new survey , 60 % of Democrats and 52 % of Republicans say the U.S. is one of the greatest countries in the world , again little changed from 2015 . While the view that there are countries better than the U.S. is uncommon in either party , Democrats and Democratic leaners remain more likely than Republicans and leaners to say this ( 20 % vs.
is very good . However , this represents a more positive evaluation than in 2018 , when only 24 % of Germans said the relationship was going well . This corresponds to an increase in overall favorable views toward the U.S. found in Pew Research Center ’s 2019 Global Attitudes survey , especially among people who place themselves on the ideological right in Germany , even as favorable opinions of the U.S. remain low . Despite
( 68 % now , 83 % then ) . The new poll also finds no indications to date of significant political gains for the president . Just under half of registered voters ( 48 % ) say they would like to see him reelected president in 2004 , while a third say they would prefer to see a Democratic candidate win . That is a modest improvement from a mid - March Gallup survey , which showed 45 % saying they wanted to see Bush reelected , and 42 % favor
will supplant the U.S. Americans are divided : 47 % say China has or will replace the U.S. , and 47 % say this will never happen . American opinion has shifted significantly since 2008 , when only 36 % said China would become the top global power and 54 % believed it would never replace the U.S. In the current poll , half or more of those surveyed have a positive opinion of the U.S. in 28 of 38 nations . The percentage of people who give the U.S. a positive rating has increased significantly
Americans say Israel ’s response to the current conflict with Hamas has been about right , while 24 % believe Israel has gone too far . These views also are almost identical to those expressed about Israel and Hezbollah in the summer of 2006 . There is little support for a greater U.S. role in resolving the Gaza crisis . Just 17 % believe the United States should be more involved than it is currently , 27 % say the United States should be less involved , and nearly
GM food scientists and medical scientists are not strongly divided along political lines . Instead , views about GM food
those 30 - 49 . A separate Pew Research Center survey of opinion among the public and scientists about science and society found widespread support for requiring childhood vaccinations : 68 % of the public said children should be required to be vaccinated , while 30 % in that survey said parents should be able to decide not to vaccinate their children . Young adults were more likely to say vaccinations should be a
or 12.5 million , from their homes , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of global refugee data . In fiscal 2016 , the Obama administration resettled 12,587 Syrian refugees , more than 20 % above the original target . Note : This is an update of a post originally written by Christopher Inkpen , a former advanced analytics intern at Pew Research Center , and Ruth Igielnik , and published on July 28 , 2014 . Related posts : How
of their state government , a five - point uptick from last year . But   just 28 % rated the federal government favorably , versus 65 % unfavorably ; the favorability rating was five points lower than a year earlier and the lowest ever in a Pew Research Center survey . Notwithstanding the dim view most people take of the federal government , and despite the wide - ranging budget cuts known as “ sequestration
) , 60 % say
, most experts believe the debate over reforming the succession law
the roughly 5,000 full - time editorial jobs we identified in the digital news
all the AAAS scientists ( 98 % ) say they have some level of interaction with citizens at least from time to time , and 51 % have at least some contact with reporters about research findings . In addition , nearly half of AAAS scientists – 47 % – use social media to talk about science or read about scientific developments at least some of the time . Some 24 % of these AAAS scientists blog about science and research .
’s feelings about government tend more toward frustration than anger . Most Americans ( 55 % ) continue to say they are frustrated with the federal government , while relatively few say they are either angry ( 22 % ) or basically content ( 19 % ) . On both measures of trust in government and emotional reactions to government , improving views among Republicans and Republican - leaning independents have been offset by more negative views among Democrats and Democratic - leaning
. 4Fewer members of Congress have prior military experience than in the past . As the share of Americans who are veterans has declined , so has the share of Congress members who have previously served in the military . In the current Congress , 20 % of senators and 19 % of representatives had prior military service , down drastically from just
67 % ) . And at least half or more in Mexico ( 61 % ) , Japan ( 53 % ) , Australia ( 52 % ) and Canada ( 52 % ) also support the deal . In Malaysia , only 38 % support the agreement , but that is due in part to 31 % volunteering that they have not heard enough . Within the U.S. , there are partisan differences on support for T
keeping U.S. forces in Iraq until a stable government is established , compared with 40 % who support withdrawing the troops as soon as possible . This measure also has changed little from early April ( 50%-44 % ) . While some recent nationwide polls have found many Americans expressing concern that Iraq might turn into another Vietnam , just 25 % think that Iraq will turn out to be another Vietnam ; a 54 % majority believes that the
31.3 % last summer . For younger teens , the summer - jobs picture is especially   bleak . Last year ’s summer employment rate for 16- to 17 - year - olds was 20 % , less than half its level as recently as 2000 . For 18- and 19 - year - olds , the summer employment rate last year was 43.6 % , still well below the 62.6 % average
who disapprove of the law are divided over what they would like elected officials who oppose the law to do now that the law has begun to take effect . About half of disapprovers ( 27 % of the public overall ) say these lawmakers “ should do what they can to make the law work as well as possible , ” but nearly as many ( 23 % of the public ) say these officials “ should do what they can to make the law fail . ” This strategic question is a particular point of conflict within the Republican Party . Overall , just 13 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents approve of the law
by Edward Snowden . The public followed reports about the government ’s surveillance programs less closely than news about the new health insurance exchanges ( 32 % ) and the U.S. economy ( 31 % ) . By comparison , 16 % followed baseball ’s World Series very closely . As in recent weeks , adults younger than 30 are following news about health care implementation less than are older adults . Just 15 % of those younger than 30 say they followed news about health care exchanges very closely , compared with 30 % of those
from the coronavirus outbreak seriously enough , while 37 % say he has gotten the risks about right ; 10 % say he has exaggerated the risks . By contrast , a majority of adults ( 62 % ) say the news media have exaggerated risks from the outbreak . Financial toll from coronavirus . Among those who are currently employed , only 36 % say they would continue to get paid if they were unable to work for two weeks or more because of the coronavirus . Another 21 % say they could still meet basic expenses , even if they did not get paid during the crisis . A third of Americans say they would not get
high or high , while 68 % of those with a high school degree or less education say the same . Americans with higher family incomes also are especially likely to say there are high preventive health benefits and low risk of side effects from the MMR vaccine . ( Family incomes are adjusted for differences in purchasing power by geographic region and household size . ) Beliefs about the benefits and risks of the MMR vaccine are not strongly linked to politics . Democrats and
immigrant workers in 2014
toot important or should not be done . However , this is not the case with views of the importance of dealing with global warming . Nearly four - in - ten ( 38 % ) say it should be a top priority , 29 % see it as an important but lower priority , while 31 % say it is not too important or should not be done . Opinions about the importance of both priorities , but
in the number of students with unauthorized
average levels of such social skills is   projected to grow by 8.1 % , versus just 4.4 % growth for occupations requiring below - average levels of those skills . The strongest employment growth is actually projected to occur in occupations with   below - average preparation requirements but higher required levels of social and physical ( though   not analytical ) skills ; that group includes such jobs as orderlies , home health aides , physical therapy assistants and bartenders . Those jobs may not pay much
and more than double the shares among men and women ages 30 and older ( 12 % and 11 % , respectively ) . There are also differences by race and ethnicity , according to the new survey . Around one - in - five black ( 19 % ) and Hispanic ( 22 % ) Americans say their views changed due to social media , compared with 11 % of whites . Social media prompted views to change more among Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 17 % ) than among Republicans and Republican leaners ( 9 % ) . Within these party groups , there are also some differences by
56 % of Boomers favor same - sex marriage , while 39 % are opposed . Last year , opinion among Boomers was divided ( 46 % favored/48 % opposed ) . African Americans . Blacks have long been less supportive of same - sex marriage when compared with whites , but the share of African Americans who favor same - sex marriage has risen 12 percentage points since 2015 , from 39 % to 51 % . Republicans . For the first time , a majority of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents
73 % of adults say the label “ lifelong learner ” applies “ very well ” to them . Additionally , 74 % of adults have participated in personal learning experiences of various kinds in the previous 12 months – we call them personal learners . And 63 % of full- and part - time workers have taken courses or done training on the job to improve their skills in the past year – we called them professional learners . Recent library users overwhelmingly embrace those
than 40 years since public trust in government surpassed 50 % . As in the past , trust in government is higher among the party that controls the White House than among members of the opposition party . However , only 21 % of Republicans say they trust the federal government , which is about as low as at any point during Bush ’s presidency ( the previous GOP administration ) . Just 14 % of Democrats say the same , among the lowest levels dating back more than 60 years . While Americans have minimal trust in the federal government , they also are skeptical of their own collective political wisdom . About four - in - ten ( 39 % ) say they
54 % say the same about “ Russia ’s power and influence . ” Over the same period , the share of the public describing the refugee movement from countries such as Iraq and Syria as a major threat to the United States has declined nine percentage points ( from 55 % to 46 % ) . There are substantial partisan differences in perceptions of most global threats . As in the past , the biggest divide by far is over the threat presented by global climate change . Nearly eight - in - ten ( 77 % ) Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents say global climate change is a major threat to the well - being of the United States
% say they followed
the Republicans in Congress will be fair in handling the inquiry , while slightly more ( 47 % ) say the same about the Democrats in Congress . The survey , conducted on Pew Research Center ’s American Trends Panel , enables us to examine opinions about impeachment among the same group of respondents over the past month . In an earlier wave of the online survey conducted in early September ( Sept. 3 - 15 ) – before details about Trump ’s call with Ukrainian President Volodym
and opinions in both groups moved downward in tandem . After Russia annexed Crimea in 2014 , for example , opinions dropped substantially among members of both parties . Following Trump ’s election in 2016 , however , favorable opinions of Russia more than doubled among Republicans , while Democrats ’ views were mostly unchanged . In the Center ’s latest survey , the share of Republicans with a positive view of Russia fell to 27 % , but it was still above the share of Democrats with a favorable view ( 16 % ) . 3Among both Americans and Russians , there is little confidence in the ability of the other nation ’s president to do
Public concerns that anti
want the same . There
of the virus , while another 38 % say it can learn a fair amount . Few say there is not too much ( 13 % ) or nothing at all ( 3 % ) the U.S. can learn from other countries . The leading international organization for dealing with global health issues , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , draws strongly partisan reactions . While 62 % of Democrats believe the agency has done an excellent or good job of dealing with the pandemic , just 28 % of Republicans
are tracking news about the candidates very closely , compared with just 19 % of Republicans and Republican leaners who have no opinion of the Tea Party or disagree with the movement . A plurality of Americans ( 41 % ) say news organizations are giving the right amount of coverage to possible candidates for the 2012 elections , while 29 % say they are giving too much coverage to election news . That is up slightly from 22 % in April . Another 16 % say the press is giving too little coverage to the candidates . Pluralities also say news organizations are giving the right amount of coverage to the situation in
it should be easy for citizens to vote (
departments , not all agencies participate every year . In 2019 , the most recent full year available , the FBI received data from around eight - in - ten agencies . BJS , for its part , tracks crime by fielding a large annual survey of Americans ages 12 and older and asking them whether they were the victim of a crime in the past six months . One advantage of this approach is that it captures both reported and unreported crimes . But
N. favorable reviews . More than seven - in - ten in France ( 74 % ) and Poland ( 72 % ) offer a favorable opinion , as do majorities in Britain ( 67 % ) , Germany ( 65 % ) , Spain ( 61 % ) and Russia ( 56 % ) . The organization is also widely popular in the two African countries surveyed , Kenya ( 76 % favorable ) and Nigeria ( 71 % ) , and to a lesser extent in two of the three Latin American
20 % of adults 65 or older echo this opinion . Older Americans are strong supporters of requiring childhood vaccinations – 79 % say they hold that view , compared with 59 % of those under 30 . One possible reason that older groups might be more supportive of mandatory vaccinations is that many among them remember when diseases like measles were common . Prior to the first licensed measles vaccine in 1963 , hundreds of thousands of measles cases
conducted over the final
who had been kidnapped and
20 % of coverage . ( For more , see “ Events in Egypt Trigger Record Coverage ” . ) Despite increased public interest in the protests , about as many Americans ( 26 % ) say the story they followed most closely last week was the powerful winter storm system that hit the Midwest and the Northeast . That story accounted for just 8 % of all news coverage , according to PEJ . Interest in the Egyptian protests is relatively high for a foreign news story that does not directly involve the United States . But there was greater public interest in two recent overseas disasters , which were covered less than the Egyptian
Congress re - elected . Both measures are near all - time lows in Pew Research surveys . The latest survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press , conducted Oct. 28 - Nov. 8 among 2,000 Americans reached on landlines and cell phones , finds that voting intentions for next year ’s midterms are
express an unfavor
they are hearing mostly bad news about financial markets ( 69 % ) , gas prices ( 66 % ) , real estate values ( 63 % ) and the prices of food and consumer goods ( 62 % ) . Evaluations of news about the job situation are as negative as at any point since the Pew Research Center first began tracking them in June 2009 . Perceptions of news about financial markets are now clearly more negative than at any point during this period . The survey finds the public closely tracked news about the economy last week , but the top story by far is the agreement by the president and Congress to cut federal spending and raise the debt limit . Nearly
have confidence in Trump to do the right thing in world affairs . The president gets his best reviews in the Philippines , where 69 % express trust in him ( although this is down from the 94 % Obama registered in 2015
an unfavorable view of Putin have risen 10 percentage points since February 2015 ( from 69 % to 79 % ) ; among Republicans , unfavorable views of Putin have fallen 13 points ( from 74 % to 61 % ) . 5Democrats glumly approach a new era .   For the first time in a decade , Democrats are shut out of power in Washington . Today , they are about as pessimistic about the new year as Republicans were four years
among those ages 50 and older are more divided , with opposition narrowly outweighing support for a border wall . As in the past , partisan differences are stark . About three - quarters ( 74 % ) of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents support a border wall , while an even greater share of Democrats and Democratic lean
year . Just days after the Jan. 12 earthquake , 60 % said they followed news about that disaster very closely ; 57 % said this was the story they were following most closely . Interest in the oil spill , on the other hand , grew in the weeks following the deadly oil rig explosion on April 20 . That first week , about two - in - ten ( 21 % ) said they were following the explosion very closely . One week later , as the leak continued to grow , 44 % said they were tracking the worsening spill that closely . The number rose to 58 % the week of May 13 - 16
36 % and 37 % , respectively ) . About half ( 48 % ) say the campaign is informative , which is identical to the share that described the campaign as informative in January 2012 . As during prior campaigns , many Americans view the current contest as “ too negative ” ( 54 % describe the campaign this way ) and “ too long ” ( 50 % ) . Moreover , only about a third ( 34
Only six - in - ten Brazilians now have a favorable view of their own country , with 39 % voicing an unfa
the poor get poorer . ” That gap had grown since Aug. 2002 when the margin was 65 % to 33 % , but the size of it was not much different than it was in 1987 . There was a large partisan gap when it came to the perception of the rich getting richer and the poor getting poorer . The share of Democrats ( 92 % ) who agreed with that statement had increased eight points since 2009 and was as high as it has ever been in Pew Research polling . A much smaller number of Republicans ( 56 % ) agreed . Nearly three - quarters ( 73 % ) of independents subscribed to the
21 % ) . The public ’s perception that the technological revolution has had a lasting impact on American society can be seen in other Pew Research Center studies – notably , a 2016 survey where 22 % named the tech revolution as one of the most significant historical events in their lifetimes , behind the Sept. 11 attacks and the election of Barack Obama , the first black U.S. president . A separate 2016 survey found 52 % of Americans judge technology to have had a generally
the political typology . The decline in the view that the U.S. is the greatest country in the world has occurred across most demographic and political groups , but it has been particularly acute among Republicans . In 2011 , 52 % of Republicans said the U.S. stood above all other countries in the world , while 43 % said it was one of the greatest countries in the world , along with some others . Today , Republicans are 15 points less likely to say the U.S. stands above ; 37 % say it does , while
, according to a separate analysis by the Project for Excellence in Journalism ( PEJ ) . By contrast , coverage of the presidential race accounted for just 2 % of the newshole . While the budget debate drew the most news coverage , it did not attract a great deal of public interest . Slightly more than a third ( 36 % ) followed this story very closely , while 14 % said it was the news story they followed most closely last
and Republican - leaning
what they are able to deliver . ” It ’s worth noting that peacekeeping   missions and mandates must   be unanimously approved   by all   permanent members of the Security Council , including the U.S. and Russia , a   constraint that has prevented   UN intervention in some conflict zones . As of January 2016 , the   top contributors to peacekeeping forces are Ethiopia ( 8,326 ) , Bangladesh ( 8,274 ) , India ( 7,799 )
while 42 % identified as Democrats or leaned Democratic . And members of the Greatest Generation ( then ages 67 - 81 ) — favored the Democratic Party over the GOP ( 49 % to 42 % ) . As illustrated in more detail in a 2011 Pew Research Center report on generations , the political climate of early adulthood may continue to influence the political tilt of a generation throughout its life span . For example , members of the Greatest Generation
their countries of origin . The refugee counts also   do n’t include “ internally displaced persons ” ( IDPs ) – people who   have been uprooted from their homes by “ armed conflict , situations of generalized violence , violations of human rights or natural- or human - made disasters ” but are , for the time being at least , still within the borders of their home countries . Estimates of the number of internally displaced people last year range from 32 million to more than 38 million
trust information from climate scientists . Climate scientists are not the only ones in whom conservative Republicans have low trust on the issue . Majorities of conservative Republicans say they have “ not too much ” trust in elected officials , energy industry leaders and the news media – or trust them “ not at all ” – to provide full and accurate information about the
include adults over age 44 and therefore does not take into account long - term marriages that started later in life . And adults with advanced degrees were not separately analyzed because of the small sample size . The findings are yet further evidence of the marriage gap in the U.S. along educational lines .   College - educated adults are more likely to be married than less - educated adults . Among those who were ages 25 and older in 2014 , 65 % of those with a bachelor
democratic legitimacy , might not be achieved with one presidential vote
earlier in the decade when the Chinese people were not nearly as positive about the course of their nation and its economy . In addition to seeing the Beijing Olympics as good for their country , an overwhelming majority of Chinese across all demographic groups say the event is important to them personally . Those who live in the host city are especially likely to say that is the case . There is also broad optimism about the performance of China ’s athletes among the Chinese public . Yet , despite the widespread excitement about the Olympics , some in China say their country is paying too much attention to the games , and the percentage who expresses that opinion has increased since Pew
( who made up 52 % of 2012 unauthorized immigrants ) than the overall population decrease , although the Mexican decline appears to have stopped after 2010 . In 2012 , 6.05 million Mexican unauthorized immigrants were in the U.S. , a decline of about 900,000 from 2007 . The new Pew Research estimates rely on the center ’s residual methodology , in which legal immigration is subtracted from the adjusted total foreign - born population to
dedicated e - readers – when they engage with e - book content . The share of e - book readers on tablets has more than tripled since 2011 and the number of readers on phones has more than doubled over that time , while the share reading on e - book reading devices has not changed . And smartphones are playing an especially prominent role in the e - reading habits of certain demographic groups , such as non - whites and those who have not attended college . These are among the main findings of a nationally representative telephone survey of 1,520 American adults conducted March 7 - April 4 , 2016 .
Islamic extremism in their country . People in Israel ( 37 % very concerned ) and Russia ( 23 % ) are less concerned about extremism than those in many of the other countries surveyed . But this has not always been the case in Russia , where great concern about extremism is down 12 percentage points since 2011 and 29 points since 2005 , when the survey was fielded just months after 334 hostages died in a school in Beslan that was taken over
conditions have surged among Republicans
( 56 % ) than desktop ( 42 % ) . 3 Long - form journalism has a place in today ’s mobile - centric society . Cellphone users spend more time on average with long - form news articles than with short - form . In fact , the total   engaged time   with articles 1,000 words or longer averages about twice that of the engaged time with short - form stories : 123 seconds compared with 57 . And on
was different from their own . The overall numbers mask significant gender gaps within some racial groups . Among blacks , men are much more likely than women to marry someone of a different race . Fully a quarter of black men who got married in 2013 married someone who was not black . Only 12 % of black women married outside of their race . For Asians , the gender pattern goes in the opposite direction : Asian women are much more likely than Asian men to marry someone of a different race . Among newlyweds in 2013 , 37 % of Asian women married someone who was not Asian ,
at the same level of importance as the economy ( 80 % ) , terrorism ( 74 % ) and gun policy ( 74 % ) . Clinton backers are nearly twice as likely as those who support Donald Trump to say the treatment of minorities is very important to their 2016 decision ( 79 % vs. 42 % ) . The gap in importance placed on this issue by the two presumptive presidential candidates ’ backers is among the widest across the 14 issues
the sex they were assigned at birth . The survey also finds that Democrats with a bachelor ’s degree or more education are more likely than other Democrats to say a person ’s gender can be different from the sex they were assigned at birth . About three - quarters ( 77 % ) of Democrats with a bachelor ’s degree or more say this , compared with 60 % of Democrats with some college and 57 % of those with a high school diploma or less . No such divide exists among Republicans . Democrats ’ views also differ by race and ethnicity . Some 55 % of black Democrats and 41 % of
, down from 77 % four years ago . These are among the principal findings of America ’s Place in the World , a survey of opinion leaders and the general public conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press in collaboration with the Council on Foreign Relations . This quadrennial study examines the foreign policy attitudes of state and local government officials , security and foreign affairs experts , military officers , news media leaders , university and think tank leaders
many lower - income Americans are relying more on smartphones . As of early 2019 , 26 % of adults living in households earning less than $ 30,000 a year are “ smartphone - dependent ” internet users – meaning they own a smartphone but do not have broadband internet at home . This represents a substantial increase from 12 % in 2013 . In contrast , only 5 % of those living in households earning $ 100,000 or more fall into this category in 2019 . This
with one - in - four saying they are very worried . About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say they are not too worried about this , and just 13 % say they are not at all worried . Nonwhite teens express a higher level of concern than their white peers . Roughly two - thirds ( 64 % ) of nonwhite teens , including 73 % of Hispanics , say they are at least somewhat worried about this
an increase in the application fee for adults , from $ 330 to $ 595 , planned for July 30 , 2007 . In fact , the number of applications in fiscal 2007 spiked to nearly 1.4 million , an 89 % increase over the previous year – the single largest annual increase since the government started tracking naturalization applications in 1907 . The second - largest annual percentage increase in applications came in the mid-1990s . From fiscal 1995 to 1998 , 900,000
are not bothered by this . More than six - in - ten Democratic voters 50 and older ( 65 % ) say it does not bother them that the likely Democratic nominee is a white man in his 70s , while those under age 50 are more divided in their views ( 47 % say this bothers them , 52 % say it does not ) . These views also differ by race and ethnicity . About seven - in - ten black ( 72 % )
the jobs currently done by human workers ; the possibility of fully autonomous robot caregivers for older adults ; and the possibility that a computer program could evaluate and select job candidates with no human involvement . The following are among the major findings . Americans generally express more worry than enthusiasm when asked about these automation technologies . Most prominently , Americans are roughly twice as likely to express worry ( 72 % ) than enthusiasm ( 33 % ) about a future in which robots and computers are capable of doing many jobs that are currently done by humans . They are also around three times as likely to
% say they have a lot or at least some confidence in the Chinese leader . These are among the key findings of a new Pew Research Center survey , conducted among 1,505 respondents in the U.S. from Feb. 16 to March 15 , 2017 . Overall , the American public is closely divided between those expressing favorable and unfavorable views of China . But there are notable differences along partisan lines , with Democrats significantly more likely than Republicans or independents to offer a positive opinion
opinion differs considerably from that of Western Europeans . Americans are almost evenly divided on the question , with 45 % saying that the U.S. should have UN approval and 44 % saying this would make it too difficult to deal with threats . In contrast , solid majorities in the four Western European nations surveyed , including about three - quarters in Spain ( 74 % ) and Germany ( 76 % ) say their country should have UN approval before
. 7Obama ’s ratings on climate change have slipped .   When he was elected , expectations were high for Obama on the issue of global climate change . Overall , he still gets positive ratings for how he is handling this issue , but not as positive as a few years ago . In 12 of the 20 countries where trends from 2010 are available , fewer people now approve of how he is dealing with climate change , which will be a major issue
11 % of Trump supporters are highly confident that votes across the country will be counted accurately . About half of Trump supporters ( 48 % ) are very or somewhat confident in an accurate vote count nationally , while 51 % say they are not too or not at all confident . By contrast , a 79 % majority of Clinton supporters are confident in the accuracy of the nationwide count , compared with just 20 % who are not . Overall , voters are less confident that their vote will be accurately counted in the upcoming election than they were in 2008 and 2004 . In both 2008 ( 57 % ) and 2004 ( 62 % ) , a majority of voters
54 % , respectively ,
and 67 % of independents agree . Significant minorities among each group also agree that election news coverage can make them feel depressed ; 36 % of Democrats say this , as do 37 % of independents and 31 % of Republicans . Those who say the Tea Party best reflects their views right now are much more likely than others to see this year ’s elections as important and interesting – and to say that news coverage of politics makes them angry . They
11 % of the newshole examined . And , two weeks after Republican Scott Brown won the Massachusetts special election for Edward M. Kennedy ’s Senate seat , 60 % of Americans say they do not think health care legislation will pass this year . That ’s down slightly from 67 % just after the special election , but still a stark reversal from immediately before the Jan. 19 vote . At that point , 57 % said they thought legislation would pass this year , while 33 % said they
a mobile phone , which includes a median of 7 % who say they regularly use someone else ’s phone.7 But overall , phone sharing is relatively rare in most countries – ranging from just 1 % in Vietnam to a high of 17 % in Venezuela . ( Throughout this report , phone owners and phone sharers will be grouped together and referred to as “ mobile phone users . ” ) Sharing tends to be more common among adults with
the human enhancement survey ; more than seven - in - ten adults said brain , blood and gene enhancements would be employed before their effects were fully understood . Even though the two surveys were conducted separately , they are thematically linked , since research efforts to dramatically extend human life and to “ enhance ” human
solve global problems , while 37 % say it does too much . The new national survey by the Pew Research Center and USA TODAY , conducted August 20 - 24 among 1,501 adults , finds that 65 % say the world is more dangerous than it was several years ago ; just 7 % say the world has gotten safer while 27 % say things have not changed much . Public perceptions of the global threats confronting the United States have changed since the Pew Research
to influence future elections . Most are not too confident ( 19 % ) or not at all confident ( 36 % ) the Trump administration will take serious action to prevent Russia from influencing future elections in this country . The survey finds that the public is divided in opinions about the ultimate impact of Russian efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election : 48 % say these efforts did not benefit either Trump or Hillary Clinton , while 43 % say they benefited
as either not too fair ( 29 % ) or not fair at all ( 27 % ) . Fewer ( 42 % ) say it is very fair ( 2 % ) or moderately fair ( 40 % ) . In both 2015 and 2010 , opinion about the fairness of the tax system was evenly divided . Today , 54 % of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents say the tax system is not too fair or not at all fair ,
should do so by a public health official because they had the coronavirus . Yet the survey also shows that portions of Americans could be hard to reach and relatively uncomfortable engaging with public health officials as part of the contact tracing process related to the coronavirus outbreak . For instance , 41 % of those who were asked about their views on speaking with a public health official who might contact them about the coronavirus outbreak via phone or text say
integration than those who see their economy as doing poorly . At the same time , in some nations there are quite significant differences between the higher level of trust in the EU as an institution and the lower public confidence in the European project . And even as the mood in Europe brightens , the euro crisis has left a challenging political legacy : the rise of Eurosceptic political parties on both the left and the right . When asked about leading nontraditional political parties ,
Slovakia . In Poland
to unite behind Trump over this period of time . At this point in the campaign , there are signs that the lack of unity on the Republican side is affecting voter preferences . In a general election matchup , Trump receives the support of 85 % of Republicans and Republican leaners , compared with the 91 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners who back Clinton – a modest but significant difference in support within the candidates ’ respective parties . Doubts that the Republican
utilized online resources in their most recent search for employment . That is higher than the proportion who made use of close personal connections ( 66 % ) or professional contacts ( 63 % ) and more than twice the proportion who utilized employment agencies , print advertisements , or jobs fairs and other events . Taken together , 80 % of recent job seekers made use of professional contacts , close friends or family , and/or more distant
” ) Virtually every adult today remembers exactly where they were or what they were doing the moment they heard the news of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks . This recall is as high among those younger than 30 – who were only eight to 19 years old when the attacks occurred – as it is among older Americans . Among eight other historic events tested , only one – the assassination of John F. Kennedy in 1963 – is a vivid memory for virtually
Just more than half ( 53 % ) agree that “ it ’s hard to know what Romney really stands for ” ; 44 % disagree . Half of voters ( 50 % ) agree that Obama “ does n’t know how to turn the economy around ” ; about as many ( 47 % ) disagree . About four - in - ten ( 42 % ) agree that Obama “ thinks government is the solution to every problem . ” Just more than half ( 53 % )
Center survey shows   religious people , on balance , are happier than nonreligious people . Adults who attended religious services once a week or more often were significantly more likely to report feeling “ very happy ” ( 36 % ) than those who attended seldom or never ( 23 % ) , and less likely to say they were “ pretty happy ” ( 46 % vs. 55 % ) or “ not too happy ”
of liberal Democrats say
age , race and ethnicity – and especially political affiliation . About three - quarters ( 74 % ) of adults ages 18 to 29 say it is very or somewhat acceptable for professional athletes to speak out publicly about politics . By comparison , 67 % of adults ages 30 to 49 , 55 % of those ages 50 to 64 and half of those 65 and older say this . Racial and ethnic minorities are more likely than white Americans to say it ’s acceptable for professional athletes to address political issues in public . Roughly eight - in - ten black Americans ( 79 % ) say this is at least somewhat acceptable , including about half
from 44 % four years ago . Notably , the ongoing scandal involving former Rep. Mark Foley has not had much of an impact on either the engagement or enthusiasm of Democratic and Republican voters . The Democratic advantages on both dimensions were about the same after Foley resigned as before the congressman stepped down . The comparison between the current campaign and the 1994 midterm election , when Republicans won the majority of House votes and picked up more than 50 seats , is particularly telling . In early October 1994 , 50 % of Republican voters had already given a lot of thought to the election
terminally ill and living in severe pain to commit suicide . That ’s an increase of 10 percentage points in just one year , and 17 points over two years . The rise in support for legal assisted suicide has been especially dramatic among younger adults , like Maynard . Indeed , about eight - in - ten Americans between the ages of 18 and 34 ( 81 % ) favor such laws , a rise from 62 % in a 2014 Gall
among the same groups of Americans in March 2018 and at three points in 2016 , including in November shortly after the election . In that survey , respondents reported whom they had voted for . When state voter files – publicly available records of who turned out to vote – became available months after the election , respondents were matched to these files . Self - reported turnout was not used in this analysis ; rather , researchers took extensive effort to determine which respondents had in fact voted . And unlike other studies that have employed voter validation , this one employs five different commercial voter files in an effort to minimize the possibility that actual
% of women , 64 % of men ) said it does too much for the wealthy . There also were significant gaps on two issues involving the role of government in a survey on public priorities for the president and Congress in 2012 – helping the poor and needy , and education . In a January survey , 72 % of women cited education as a top priority , compared with 57 % of men . Nearly six - in - ten ( 58 % ) women rated helping
U.S. and on the impact of the shutdown on the country . Nearly eight - in - ten Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 79 % ) say the shutdown is a “ very serious problem ” ; fewer than half as many Republicans and Republican leaners ( 35 % ) say the same . The new survey , conducted Jan. 9 - 14 among 1,505 adults , finds that none of
60 % in 1999 . One of the main drivers of increased labor force participation among women over the decades has been the sharp increase in the share of mothers in the workforce . Nearly three - quarters ( 73 % ) of mothers with children younger than 18 were in the labor force in 2000 , up from 47 % in 1975 ( the first year for which data on mothers ’ labor force participation are available ) . That share has remained relatively stable since about 2000 . Men ’s presence in the labor
amending the Constitution , while 44 % are opposed . By contrast , large majorities in both parties continue to favor a way for allowing undocumented immigrants to stay in the U.S. legally , if certain requirements are met . About two - thirds of Republicans ( 66 % ) say people in the U.S. illegally should be allowed to stay if they meet certain requirements , while 32 % say they should not be
coverage . Obama was by far the most visible presidential candidate last week ; 57 % say Obama is the candidate they heard the most about in the news recently while just 29 % named Clinton . McCain barely registered with the public last week as only 2 % said he was the candidate they had heard the most about . By the end of the week , a quarter of all Americans , including 26 % of Democrats , said their opinion of Obama had become less favorable in recent days ; fewer than half as many ( 11 % ) said their opinion of the Illinois senator had become more favorable . People who said their impression of Obama had changed
U.S. adult Twitter users have at least a college degree , compared with 31 % of all Americans . And 41 % of adult Twitter users earn at least $ 75,000 a year , compared with 32 % of all American adults . 3Twitter users in the U.S. are more likely than U.S. adults overall to identify as Democrats and less likely to say they are very conservative . Six - in - ten
up from 11 % in September
attitudinal and behavioral measures to establish an endpoint – albeit inexact – for the Millennial generation . Under this updated definition , the youngest “ Millennial ” was born in 1996 .
double by 2065 . Back to top The age structure of the U.S. immigrant population has changed alongside the changing immigrant origin regions . As the largest group of immigrants shifted from Europeans , Canadians and other North Americans to Mexicans , the largest age group moved from ages 65 - 69 in 1960 to ages 40 - 44 in 2018 . Today , European , Canadian and other North American immigrants tend to be older , with a median age of 53 and 54 respectively in 2018 . Mexican immigrants are among the youngest , with a median age of 43 . The age distribution of the U.S.-born
Trump cite several concerns
not rate Hezbollah , but views are on balance positive among those who do offer an opinion of the group in Nigeria and Indonesia . The survey , conducted April 12 to May 7 by the Pew Research Center ’s Global Attitudes Project , finds that the Palestinian organization Hamas , which , like Hezbollah , has been classified as a terrorist organization by the U.S. and other Western governments , also receives mixed ratings across the Muslim publics surveyed
. population overall . For example , in 1960 , places like Maine and North Dakota had higher poverty rates than many of the nation ’s biggest metro areas . But by 2010 , the reverse was true : High - poverty areas were in counties that are a part of the nation ’s largest metro areas such as Chicago , Los Angeles and New York , but not in places like Nebraska and South Dakota . At the same time , the share of the population in the nation ’s urban
in South America and the Caribbean . The new survey shows that : In addition , about one - in - seven adults ( 15 % ) say they have taken steps to reduce their risk of getting the virus . There are notable demographic differences tied to people ’s views about the threat posed by the Zika virus . Generally those who are most concerned include older Americans ( especially older women ) and those who report “ fair ” or “ poor ” health status . Blacks and those who live in the South and Northeast also tend to be more concerned about Zika . But Republicans and independents who lean Republican are about
carry guns in schools . About seven - in - ten Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 69 % ) said they would favor allowing teachers to carry guns in schools . In contrast , just about a quarter of Democrats and those Democratic leaners ( 26 % ) shared this view . Similarly , while a majority of gun owners ( 66 % ) said they would support this proposal , about a third of non - gun owners ( 35 % ) said the same . Among gun owners , support for allowing teachers to carry guns in schools varied considerably between Republicans and Democrats . About eight - in - ten Republican gun owners ( 81 % ) said
by their job are twice as likely as all other police to say officers have reason to distrust most people ( 46 % vs. 23 % ) . They are more likely than their colleagues to agree that some people can only be brought to reason the hard , physical way ( 56 % vs. 41 % ) and to say they have become more callous toward people since taking this job ( 77 % vs. 50 % ) . Angry and frustrated officers also are more likely to have physically struggled or fought with a suspect in the past month ( 44 % vs. 30 % ) or to have been verbally abused by
found that Americans held that view by a 49 % to 33 % margin . In this digital age , Americans ’ awareness and concerns over issues of privacy also extend beyond the kinds of surveillance programs revealed by Snowden and include how their information is treated by companies with which they do business . Our research also has explored that subject in depth . Here are some of the important findings that emerged from this work : 1Overall , Americans are divided when it comes to their level of concern about surveillance programs . In
Facebook . 2The percentage of Twitter users who follow breaking news there is nearly twice as high as that of Facebook users . While the share of users who get news on each site is about the same , Twitter news users are more likely than Facebook news users to depend on the social network for breaking news . Nearly six - in - ten Twitter news users ( 59 % ) use the site to keep up with a news event as it is happening , which is
younger or not . But we also found some interesting differences : On the flip side , Republicans ( 78 % ) and independents ( 77 % ) were more supportive of logic skills , compared with 70 % among Democrats . Note : This survey was conducted through Pew Research Center ’s American Trends Panel , a nationally representative panel of randomly selected U.S. adults . The survey was conducted Sept. 9
22 % of news coverage last week , according to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism . That includes 17 % of coverage specifically about the incident and the government ’s decision to try the suspect in federal court and another 5 % dedicated to issues involving airport security . ( The airport security stories are included in a broader category of coverage dedicated to
it is very important to get these messages , up from 21 % in April . Black and Hispanic voters , as well as those ages 65 and older , express more interest than others in getting messages from the presidential campaigns . About two - thirds of Black ( 65 % ) and Hispanic voters ( 65 % ) said it is at least somewhat important to them to hear from the Trump and Biden campaigns . Among white voters , 55 % said this . Four - in - ten Black voters said it is very important to hear directly from the campaigns , compared with 27 % of Hispanic and 26 % of white voters . Differences also
, news about the partisan budget fight that almost led to a government shutdown accounted for 29
Republicans ( 56 % ) support a path to legal status for undocumented immigrants in the U.S. At the same time , far more Republicans say immigrants are a burden on the country ( 63 % ) than say they strengthen the country ( 27 % ) . Among Democrats and independents – majorities of whom also support a path to legal status for people in the U.S. illegally – most say immigrants strengthen the country ( 62 % of Democrats , 57 % of independents ) . Overall
fathers did 20 or 30 years ago . The biggest challenge in raising children today , according to parents and non - parents alike , is dealing with the outside influences of society . Nearly four - in - ten Americans ( 38 % ) list societal factors when asked in an open - ended format to name the biggest challenge for parents today . Among the top specific concerns mentioned are drugs and alcohol , peer pressure , and the impact of television and other media . Beyond societal influences , other perceived challenges in raising children include teaching morals and values , maintaining discipline , handling the financial aspects of childrearing , and dealing with the educational system . The views of mothers and
excellent or good earlier this month ,   while 48 % said it was only fair and 24 % called it poor .   The percent rating economic conditions as poor has declined nine points since October ( from 33 % ) . This marks the first time in Obama ’s presidency that about as many have described the economy as excellent or good ( 27 % ) as poor ( 24 % ) . Democrats are almost three times as likely to rate the economy as excellent or good than Republicans .   About two - thirds ( 66 % ) of Americans say the economy is recovering , but not strongly , compared
it unfavor
market . The Chinese are
U.S. custody . More than four - in - ten Americans ( 44 % ) say they followed reports about the U.S. economy very closely last week , which is little changed from recent weeks . News organizations , meanwhile , devoted 12 % of the newshole to the economic crisis , as measured by PEJ . That figure does not include 5 % of coverage devoted to new credit card regulations enacted into law last week in Washington . Interest in that story was measured separately in this survey . Public attention to economic news peaked
their parents than with a romantic partner – marking a significant historical shift . More broadly , young adult geographic mobility is at its lowest level in 50 years , even though today ’s young adults are less likely than previous generations of young adults to be married , to own a home or to be parents , all of which are traditional obstacles to moving . Note : Item No . 1 in this post was updated on March 23 , 2018 , to reflect the Center ’s revised definition of the Millennia
9 million in 2015 to 38.5 million by 2035 , with new immigrant arrivals accounting for all of that gain . Absent these new arrivals , the total projected U.S. working - age population would fall . 11News stories about President Trump ’s first 60 days in office offered far more negative assessments than they did of prior administrations . About six - in - ten stories on Trump ’s early days in office had a negative assessment , about three times more than
46 % of distrusters . Differences of 20 percentage points or more also emerge in other Western European nations , including the Netherlands , Germany , France and Italy . Divides between trusters and distrusters also appear when people are asked about several international institutions . In all 14 countries surveyed , trusters are more likely than distrusters to have a favorable view of the EU and UN . Differences in views of the EU appear even in nonmember countries . In Japan
in the Midwest , where 68 % say
pray at least some of the salah every day . A quarter say they pray less often , and just 15 % say they never pray . And nearly two - thirds of U.S. Muslims ( 65 % ) say that religion is very important in their lives , similar to the share of U.S. Christians who say the same ( 68 % ) , and higher than the share of U.S. Jews
as a good influence . And in no country surveyed does a majority say that the internet ’s influence on morality is a positive . However , many in these emerging and developing nations are left out of the internet revolution entirely . A median of less than half across the 32 countries surveyed use the internet at least occasionally , through either smartphones or other devices , though usage rates vary considerably . Computer ownership also varies , from as little as 3 % in Uganda to 78 % in Russia
strong opposition to key elements of Bush ’s foreign policy . President Barack Obama , in contrast , was extremely well - regarded in Germany ( although his ratings did decline somewhat following the National Security Agency eavesdropping scandal ) , and his presidency coincided with a rebound in America ’s overall image . However , as our 2017 Global Attitudes Survey found , German views toward the U.S. have dropped once again since Trump ’s election . Only 11 % of Germans expressed confidence in
:2 Broadband use at home has risen fairly consistently since the Pew Internet Project began to measure it in 2000 , but growth rate has slowed somewhat in the general population . Wireless Users Overall , 55 % of Americans connect to the internet wirelessly at least on occasion . The Pew Internet Project measures wireless connectivity to the internet in several ways . First , it looks at those who connect via standard computer . Some 46 % of adults now
49 % of whites . In Macon , blacks ( 41 % of the city ’s residents ) differ from whites in the amount of attention they devote to crime news to nearly the same degree . About six - in - ten blacks very closely follow crime news , compared with less than half ( 43 % ) of whites . And , while a vast majority of both blacks and whites discuss crime , blacks do so at higher rates ( 86 % vs. 76 % ) . Differences in attention to crime news also emerge across education and income lines , with the less wealthy and less educated being more likely to follow
threat to their country . Globally , Russians believe their country is playing an increasingly important role . Nearly three - in - four ( 72 % ) think Russia plays a more important role in the world than it did 10 years ago , up from 59 % last year . Most , however , also believe Russia does not get the respect it deserves . About six - in - ten say Russia should get more respect internationally than it does , with roughly half as many ( 32 % ) saying Russia is as respected as it should be . Russian President Vladimir Putin retains the confidence of his people in handling international affairs . A majority
scant 2 % saying the relationship is very good . However , this represents a more positive evaluation than in 2018 , when only 24 % of Germans said the relationship was going well . This corresponds to an increase in overall favorable views toward the U.S. found in Pew Research Center ’s 2019 Global Attitudes survey , especially among people who place themselves on the ideological right in Germany , even as favorable opinions of the U.S. remain low . Despite
running , was only mentioned in 18 campaign stories . Although we ’re still two years out from the presidential race , there ’s more coverage this time around than in previous election cycles . In the first nine months of the year , there have been 541 newspaper stories written about the 2016 presidential campaign . That is double the number of stories ( 271 ) the 2012 campaign generated during the same time period in 2010 . In
six - in - ten ( 59 % ) in Japan are worried that they or someone in their family may have been exposed to radiation from the damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant . About seven - in - ten ( 69 % ) say they disapprove of how the national government has handled the situation at the crippled nuclear facility . Not surprisingly , few Japanese want their country to increase its use of nuclear power . However , opinion is about evenly split as to whether Japan should maintain
use social media are more than three times as likely as fathers to say they get support . Most parents have not felt uneasy about the content posted about their children by other family members or caregivers on social media . This survey also took a broad look at the social media habits of parents . Among internet - using parents,3 social media use across a variety of platforms is common . Parents look a lot like non - parents in
military effort in Afghanistan decisively pulled ahead
with 32 % of
News Coverage Index , go to www
32 % ) than
so students learning something other than English may also study English simultaneously or at some point in their education . While English is the most studied foreign language in Europe overall , this varies somewhat across countries . For example , 100 % of students in primary and secondary school in Malta , Liechtenstein , Northern Macedonia and Austria studied English in the classroom as of 2017 . In 25 out of 29 nations where data is available , about three - quarters or more of all students studied English . It is important to
the 2012 and 2008 campaigns ( 36 % and 37 % , respectively ) . About half ( 48 % ) say the campaign is informative , which is identical to the share that described the campaign as informative in January 2012 . As during prior campaigns , many Americans view the current contest as “ too negative ” ( 54 % describe the campaign this way ) and “ too long ” ( 50 % ) . Moreover , only about a third ( 34
and more than double the shares among men and women ages 30 and older ( 12 % and 11 % , respectively ) . There are also differences by race and ethnicity , according to the new survey . Around one - in - five black ( 19 % ) and Hispanic ( 22 % ) Americans say their views changed due to social media , compared with 11 % of whites . Social media prompted views to change more among Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 17 % ) than among Republicans and Republican leaners ( 9 % ) . Within these party groups , there are also some differences by
are closed - minded . Fully 70 % of Democrats say that Republicans are more closed - minded than other Americans . And nearly as many Democrats ( 67 % ) say the people in their party are more open - minded than other Americans . Fewer Democrats ( 42 % ) say Republicans are more dishonest than other Americans , 35 % say they are more immoral and 33 % say they are more unintelligent . Many Republicans , by contrast , think Democrats fall short on several traits . While more than half of Republicans
20 % of Americans say it grows jobs . And just 17 % of Japanese and 28 % of Americans favor foreign acquisition of domestic firms . In each of these cases , Japanese and American support is the lowest among the TPP nations surveyed . The survey also polled eight countries negotiating the TTIP . As with the TPP nations , overwhelming majorities in both Europe and the U.S. hold the view that trade is good
stands at 60.4 % , a full percentage point higher than whites .
among 1,502 adults , including 1,136 registered voters , gauges the impact of various issue positions on the preferences of possible Republican and Democratic primary voters . Opposition to the Iran nuclear agreement resonates strongly with possible Republican primary voters : 69 % say they would be more likely to vote for a candidate who wants to end the nuclear agreement , while just 14 % say they would be less likely to favor such a candidate ; 14 % say this would
opposition has a bad
less vehicles and robot caregivers . 2Americans are reluctant to incorporate these types of technologies into their own lives . When asked whether they would or would not personally use specific automation technologies , around six - in - ten U.S. adults say they would not want to ride in a driverless car ( 56 % ) or have a robot caregiver for themselves or a family member ( 59 % ) . Views on applying for a job that uses a computer program to evaluate and select applicants are even more negative : 76 % of Americans say they would not want to apply . 3The public supports policies that
public beliefs around the risks and benefits of childhood vaccines . Such differences arise amid civic debates about the spread of false information about vaccines . While such beliefs have important implications for public health , they are not particularly political in nature . In fact , Republicans and independents who lean to the GOP are just as likely as Democrats and independents who lean to the Democratic Party to say that , overall , the benefits of the measles , mumps and rubella vaccine outweigh the risks ( 89 % and 88 % respectively ) . 2Americans have differing views about some emerging
an unfavor
About three - in - ten Americans know that Instagram and WhatsApp are owned by Facebook . In a 2019 survey , Americans were asked questions about a range of digital topics , including some about the business of social media . Some 29 % of Americans correctly named WhatsApp and Instagram as companies owned by Facebook , while 22 % answered the question incorrectly . The largest
2012 survey results , included much information about the country ’s nearly 3.2 million Indian Americans ; we ’ve selected a sampling of facts from both   reports : 1   Many Indian Americans are recent arrivals .   87.2 % of Indian - American adults in 2010 were foreign - born , the highest percentage among the six largest Asian - American groups ; 37.6 % of those had been in the U.S. 10 years or less . One
other variables at their means . ( See Appendix A for more details
than 5 % describe economic conditions as good in Spain , Italy , and Greece –
, 63 % Lebanon , and 57 % Turkey ) . Muslim publics attach considerable importance to specific democratic principles , especially the freedom to criticize the government . Honest multi - party elections , a fair - handed judiciary and a press free to report without government censorship also are valued , especially in Turkey and Lebanon . There is less enthusiasm for these ideals in Pakistan , Indonesia and Jordan though , even in these countries , majorities view honest elections and freedom of the press as at least somewhat important . Yet throughout the Muslim world , with few exceptions , most people feel
concerned their child might ever spend too much time in front of screens , including 31 % who are very concerned about this.1 And some parents with a child in this age range already believe their child spends too much time on certain devices , including a smartphone . ( It is important to note that this survey was fielded before the COVID-19 outbreak in the U.S. that closed many schools and led to widespread shutdowns and stay - at - home orders throughout the country . ) While a majority of parents with a young child say they are very ( 39 % ) or somewhat confident ( 45
enforcement alone should be the priority ; about the same percentage ( 27 % ) say developing a way for unauthorized immigrants to become citizens alone should be the priority . These views have changed little since 2010 . Hispanics take a sharply different view . Among them , the vast majority—75%—disapprove of the Arizona law while 21 % say they approve , according to the Pew Research Center survey . This is relatively unchanged from 2010 , when a Pew Hispanic
600 to $ 29,200 for a family of four . That range merely straddles the official poverty line in the United States—$23,021 for a family of four in 2011.1 In 2011 , only 16 % of the world ’s population was living on $ 20 or more daily , a little above the U.S. poverty line . By global standards , that constitutes an upper - middle or high - income existence . And most of these people still lived in
remain in office following
the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The CDC considers seniors to be at higher risk for severe illness from the virus and encourages them to take the same precautions as people with chronic health problems . Doctors have advised seniors with several underlying health conditions to self - isolate during the outbreak . If older Americans are unable to leave the house and serve as poll workers this year , it could exacerbate a common problem with the administration of elections . In
scant 2 % saying the relationship is very good . However , this represents a more positive evaluation than in 2018 , when only 24 % of Germans said the relationship was going well . This corresponds to an increase in overall favorable views toward the U.S. found in Pew Research Center ’s 2019 Global Attitudes survey , especially among people who place themselves on the ideological right in Germany , even as favorable opinions of the U.S. remain low . Despite
% ) say they
have confidence in Trump to do the right thing in world affairs . The president gets his best reviews in the Philippines , where 69 % express trust in him ( although this is down from the 94 % Obama registered in 2015
should be mostly on tax increases . The balance of opinion on this question has changed only modestly over the last several years , with majorities consistently expressing support for a mix of program cuts and tax increases to reduce the deficit . Majorities of Democrats ( 71 % ) , independents ( 63 % ) and Republicans ( 56 % ) favor addressing the deficit through a combination of both tax increases and programs cuts . However , Republicans ( 32 % ) are far
with 7 % of Republicans and the same percentage of independents . In August , just 8 % of Democrats , and comparable shares of Republicans ( 5 % ) and independents ( 6 % ) said economic conditions were excellent or good . Nearly six - in - ten Americans ( 58 % ) know that the national unemployment rate has been decreasing in recent months . About a third ( 32 % ) say incorrectly that the rate has been going up . Better educated people are more likely than those with less education to be aware of recent declines in the unemployment rate . There also is a modest partisan gap : 66 % of Democrats say
half of atheists ( 50 % ) say they have no confidence in religious
next most visible presidential hopeful . Only 2 % named John Edwards . Sen. Clinton ’s dominance is evident even among Republicans , 29 % of whom said she was the candidate they ’d been hearing about the most . Clinton also leads in terms of visibility across many demographic groups . For men and women , whites and blacks , and individuals from high - income and low - income households , Clinton is the candidate they ’ve heard most about in the news . Only among young people is another candidate as visible : Three - in - ten Americans ( 29 % ) under the age of 30 named Barack Obama as the
compared with just 11 % who said it would make it more acceptable . Some argue that public resistance to gene editing is a function of its novelty , and that as these techniques become more commonplace , public concerns will dissipate . Indeed , survey respondents who had heard at least a little about gene editing were more inclined to want gene modifications to reduce their child ’s risk of serious diseases . But whether that pattern foretells the future is harder to say . New biomedical developments have sometimes been met with initial resistance that fades away over time – one classic example is in vitro fertilization
saying it stands above others or that other nations are superior . In the new survey , 60 % of Democrats and 52 % of Republicans say the U.S. is one of the greatest countries in the world , again little changed from 2015 . While the view that there are countries better than the U.S. is uncommon in either party , Democrats and Democratic leaners remain more likely than Republicans and leaners to say this ( 20 % vs.
ratings recorded in January or September 2018 . ( Even though the 2018 and 2020 surveys produced different estimates of the share of Catholics who view Pope Francis favorably , the differences between the current survey and each of the surveys conducted in 2018 do not pass a test of statistical significance . ) Catholics who attend Mass weekly and those who attend less often have roughly similar views of Pope Francis , with about three - quarters in
by 2100 , a reversal from the 20th century . In 1950 , the region ’s median age was just 20 years . That figure is projected to more than double to 49 years by 2100 . This pattern is evident when looking at individual countries in the region . For example , in 2020 , the median ages of Brazil ( 33 ) , Argentina ( 32 ) and Mexico ( 29 ) are all expected to be lower than the median age in the U.S. ( 38 ) . However , by 2100 , all three of these Latin American nations are projected
compared with just a quarter who say
is too tough . These attitudes are virtually unchanged since November 2013 . Republicans are far more critical of Obama ’s approach to foreign policy than Democrats or independents . Eight - in - ten Republicans ( 80 % ) say he is not tough enough , compared with 54 % of independents and just 32 % of Democrats . Most Democrats ( 58 % ) , along with about a third of independents ( 34 % ) say
% ) say they
should be top priorities for the country . These also were the public ’s two most important policy goals in 2015 . While still at the top of the list , the share citing the economy as a top priority has declined over the past several years ( from a peak of 87 % in 2011 ) as views of the nation ’s economy have improved . The number citing jobs as a top policy priority also has fallen , from 84 % who said this in 2011 to 64 % today . The survey finds substantial partisan gaps over a number of policy priorities . Some of the biggest differences are over the importance of dealing with gun policy – 57 % of Democrats
saw its impact as largely negative while fewer than half as many ( 23 % ) said it had had a positive effect on the country as a whole ( 22 % said it had n’t had much of an effect ) . Since that point , positive views of the law ’s impact on the country have increased 16 percentage points ( from 23 % to 39 % ) , while there has been a modest decrease in negative views ( 49 % then , 44 % today
and when they see contradictory information ( particularly propaganda ) , they shut down and do n’t appear to trust any information . ” – Man , 42 Smaller shares complain that the platforms censor content or allow material that is biased ( 9 % ) , too negative ( 7 % ) or too steeped in partisanship and division ( 6 % ) . “ Social media is censoring views that are different than theirs . There is no longer freedom of speech . ”
refugees . But today , an even smaller share ( 19 % ) says this . There has been less change among moderate and liberal Republicans : Currently , 40 % say the U.S. has a responsibility to accept refugees . As was the case last year , liberal Democrats ( 85 % ) are more likely than conservative and moderate Democrats ( 65 % ) to say the U.S. has a responsibility to accept refugees . Earlier this year , a Pew Research
attitudes about U.S. foreign policy – differences that extend to how to deal with terrorism , the nature of global threats , views of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict and how deeply involved the United States should be in the world . Amid a presidential campaign that has highlighted conflicting visions about America ’s global role , many of these differences are reflected in the attitudes of the candidates ’ supporters in the primary campaigns . Note : This survey was conducted before Ted Cruz and John Kasich
% ) Democrats say the same . Similarly , there is a 17 - percentage - point gap between the share of Democrats with a college degree or more education ( 44 % ) and the share with no more than a high school education ( 27 % ) saying a friend voting for Trump would put a strain on the friendship . There is a division on ideological lines among Democrats on whether a vote for Trump would strain a friendship . Liberal Democrats are about evenly divided between saying say their friendship would be strained ( 47 % ) if a friend said they voted for Trump and saying it
protect air and water , while 47 % believe it is not possible to protect those resources with fewer regulations . These views differ widely by political party . The survey shows that 54 % of U.S. adults believe the Trump administration is doing too little to protect the environment , while 30 % think the administration is doing “ about the right amount ” and 5 % believe it is doing too much . One consistent theme in the public ’s views about these issues is that Americans as a whole
54 % say the same about “ Russia ’s power and influence . ” Over the same period , the share of the public describing the refugee movement from countries such as Iraq and Syria as a major threat to the United States has declined nine percentage points ( from 55 % to 46 % ) . There are substantial partisan differences in perceptions of most global threats . As in the past , the biggest divide by far is over the threat presented by global climate change . Nearly eight - in - ten ( 77 % ) Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents say global climate change is a major threat to the well - being of the United States
use force in Iraq . The decrease in support for the decision to go to war has occurred despite a dramatically improved perception of how the effort in Iraq is going . In Pew ’s latest survey , as many Americans say the military situation in Iraq is going well as say it is not going well ( 48 % each ) . In February 2007 , fully two - thirds ( 67 % ) said the war in Iraq was not going well – the largest percentage expressing this view since the war began . The current division on this question is comparable to public perceptions through most of the second and third years of the conflict , while evaluations
) , Americans ’ confidence in each other ( 54 % ) and their confidence in the government ( 68 % ) . Interested in exploring the data further , seeing more data like this or conducting your own analysis ? Visit our   interactive data tool   and access the   dataset . Note : Here are the questions asked in this survey , along with responses , and the methodology .
generally unsafe to eat . This is a major contrast with scientists Pew Research surveyed . Some 3,748 U.S.-based members of the AAAS were surveyed from September 11 to October 13 , 2014 and they said such foods were generally safe to eat by an 88%-11 % margin . The nearby chart of the data from the survey of the general public shows several patterns . Those more likely to think genetically modified food is unsafe include : women , African - Americans and Hispanics , and those without college degrees . There are no statistically significant differences on the safety of eating GM Foods
rating national economic conditions as excellent or good , which is not materially different than such ratings have been since February 2008 . Similarly , the poll found the percentage disapproving of the health law ( 55 % ) is as high as it ever has been in the four - year history of the law . Just 41 % approve of it . Not surprisingly , on this issue and others , views about Obama remain quite negative : 44 % approve , 50 % disapprove of his job performance . A special analysis of a recent Pew Research Center / USA
90 % of liberal Democrats approve of Obama . But whereas 65 % of liberal Democrats 50 and older strongly approve and just 20 % say they approve not so strongly , the younger group is narrowly divided ( 46 % strongly approve , 39 % less so ) . Compared with Obama after five years in office , George W. Bush had a lower level of approval among his base – but more of them strongly approved . In December 2005 , 82 % of conservative Republicans approved of
market news very closely and 14 % listed this as their most closely followed story of the week . By comparison , 24 % say they followed news about the stimulus package very closely , and 11 % listed this as their most closely followed story . People with higher household incomes paid the closest attention to stock market news : 46 % of those with annual household incomes of $ 75,000 or higher paid very close attention to
Relations . For CF
Newtown differently than they did the movie theater shootings in Aurora , Colo. , in 2012 that left 12 dead and the Jan. 2011 Tucson , Ariz. , shootings that killed six people and seriously wounded former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords and 13 others . After Newtown , 47 % of those surveyed said that the shootings reflected broader problems in American society , while 44 % believed they were isolated acts of troubled individuals . In the two other mass shooting incidents , the public largely viewed them as isolated acts . In the following months , surveys also found strong support for making private gun sales
13 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners . Also released today on Pew Research Center ’s Fact Tank blog : “ U.S. public sees Russian role in campaign hacking , but is divided over new sanctions . ” With Trump likely to face questions on how he plans to separate himself from his business interests as president , 57 % of the public says they are either very ( 33 % ) or somewhat ( 24 % ) concerned that his relationships with organizations , businesses or foreign governments conflict with his ability to serve the country ’s best interests . However , public
his presidency . Among
parents . While the Center ’s new analysis provides estimates about the number and share of U.S.-born babies with unauthorized immigrant parents , it ’s important to note that the legal status of immigrant parents can change over time . For example , parents who have legal permission to be in the U.S. at the time of their child ’s birth might later overstay their visas or otherwise become unauthorized . Similarly
National Electronic Injury Surveillance System , or NEISS . The system gathers data from a sample of about 100 of the nation ’s 5,000 or so hospital emergency departments , then statistically weights the results to reflect the total number of ER visits in the U.S. each year . NEISS gathers data on , among other things , patients ’ age , gender , race and ethnicity ; the nature
ago in the aftermath of the federal government ’s response to Hurricane Katrina , just 54 % of evangelicals approved of Bush ’s performance in office ; his overall approval rating was 36 % . Since then , the president ’s ratings among evangelicals have fluctuated , rallying to 64 % in December 2005 and slumping to a low of 52 % in July of this year . Today , Bush ’s rating among evangelicals is 57 % , compared with 37 % among the public overall . The key political question is how the changing opinions about the president and the party will affect next month ’s races for the House and
from 1980 to 2015 , this growth was much higher among jobs that require average or above average social skills ( 83 % ) , such as interpersonal , management and communication skills , and those that require higher levels of analytical skills ( 77 % ) , such as critical thinking and computer skills . Meanwhile , employment is up by only 18 % in occupations depending more on physical skills such as manual labor , machinery operation or tool manipulation . Wages have also increased more among jobs
U.S. adults ( 47 % ) are concerned about China ’s growing technological power . China has also recently overtaken the U.S. as the world
the U.S. since 2019 . Japan saw the largest drop , with only 41 % expressing a positive view in 2020 , compared with 68 % in 2019 . Every other country surveyed in both years saw a decrease of between 12 and 18 percentage points since the previous year . Views of the U.S. generally shift in tandem with confidence in the American president . Favorable views of the U.S. dropped sharply in 2017 during President Trump ’s first year in office and have decreased further in
attention away from their physical conversations and interactions with others towards digital encounters with people and information that are enabled by their mobile phone . It turns out that people think different kinds of public and social settings warrant different sensitivities about civil behavior . For instance , fully 77 % of all adults think it is generally OK for people to use their cellphones while walking down the street and 75 % believe it is OK for others to
ending people with different backgrounds . ” These attitudes are linked to the degree to which adults prioritize respectful political debate . Among those who say it is very important that the tone of political debate is respectful , attitudes on political correctness are split . Equal shares say too many are easily offended and say people need to be more careful about language to avoid offending others ( 50 % each ) . Among those who say the tone of political debate is only somewhat , not too or not at all
unfavorable ( 45 % ) view of the Democratic Party . These ratings are about the same as they were last October . The improvement in the Republican Party ’s favorability rating is most pronounced among independents who lean toward the GOP . In the wake of Trump ’s victory , about seven - in - ten Republican leaners ( 72 % ) have a favorable opinion of the GOP , which is up 15 points since October and 29 points since April . Republicans are about as favorable toward their party today ( 83 % ) as
among 1,502 adults , including 1,136 registered voters , gauges the impact of various issue positions on the preferences of possible Republican and Democratic primary voters . Opposition to the Iran nuclear agreement resonates strongly with possible Republican primary voters : 69 % say they would be more likely to vote for a candidate who wants to end the nuclear agreement , while just 14 % say they would be less likely to favor such a candidate ; 14 % say this would
