Women account for more than a quarter ( 28 % ) of the judges President Donald Trump has successfully appointed to the federal courts since taking office . That ’s well below the share appointed by Barack Obama – whose judicial appointees were a record 42 % female – but higher than the share appointed by any other Republican president , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of data from the Federal Judicial Center . In both parties , presidents have appointed a growing share of female judges in recent decades . Women represented 22 % of the judges appointed by Republican George W. Bush during his eight years in office , 19 % of the judges appointed by George H.W. Bush and 8 % of the judges appointed by Ronald Reagan .
Today , just over half of Americans ( 53 % ) believe current economic ties between the U.S. and China are bad
Bangladesh experienced an increase in assaults and killings of members of religious groups by social groups or individuals – including multiple instances where people who had expressed atheist views or were accused of offending Islam on the internet were killed or threatened
When asked to rate key institutions in their countries , people generally assign high marks to the military , with a median of 79 % saying it has a good influence on the way things are going in their country . But most major national organizations and groups , such as the media , religious leaders , banks , corporations , the national government and civil servants also get positive marks .
A global median of 66 % say direct democracy – in which citizens vote on major issues – would be a good way to govern
four - in - ten ( 41 % of Republicans and 38 % of Democrats ) say that members of the opposing party “ feel differently about politics
Black Americans are far less likely than whites to give police high marks for the way they do their jobs . In a 2016 survey , only about a third of black adults said that police in their community did an “ excellent ” or “ good ” job in using the right amount of force ( 33 % , compared with 75 % of whites ) , treating racial and ethnic groups equally ( 35 % vs. 75 % ) , and holding officers accountable for misconduct ( 31 % vs. 70 % ) .
For the first time in 2012 , a majority of registered voters who support Romney ( 57 % ) now think of their vote as a vote for Mitt Romney , not as a vote against Barack Obama . As recently as September , just over half of Romney voters ( 52 % ) said their main motivation was their opposition to Obama .
The most common type of harassment youth encounter online is name - calling . Some 42 % of teens say they have been called offensive names online or via their cellphone . Additionally , about a third ( 32 % ) of teens say someone has spread false rumors about them on the internet , while smaller shares have had someone other than a parent constantly ask where they are , who they ’re with or what they ’re doing ( 21 % ) or have been the target of physical threats online ( 16 % ) .
The Muslim population in the United States is younger than the U.S. population at large . In fact , while Millennials make up 32 % of all U.S. adults , they account for roughly half of American Muslim adults ( 52 % ) .
Before the election , 89 % of Democrats anticipated that Trump would not set a high moral standard for the presidency ; today , about the same share ( 92 % ) say he has not done this . Still , more Democrats say he has definitely not set a high moral standard for the presidency than said he definitely would do this in the pre - election survey ( 81 % now , 69 % then ) .
41 % of the public agrees with Trump on “ all or nearly all ” or many of the issues facing the country , while 57 % agree with him on just a few issues or virtually none . In August , just 33 % said they agreed with Trump on many or all issues .
Adventure , shooter , role - playing , team sport or racing and simulation games are all somewhat less commonly played , with about half of video game players or fewer saying they typically play these types of games .
Multiracial adults see themselves as more open to other cultures and more understanding of people of different backgrounds . Around six - in - ten multiracial Americans ( 59 % ) said their multiracial background has made them more open to cultures other than their own , and 55 % felt that they were more understanding of people of different racial backgrounds . Still , relatively few ( 19 % ) said they had felt like they were a go - between or “ bridge ” between different racial groups
in June 2019 about seven - in - ten U.S. adults ( 69 % ) said all Americans should have the right to have medical data collected by a health provider permanently deleted by the people or organizations who have that information .
. Some 43 % of men who own guns say this is the case , compared with 29 % of women gun owners
27 % of U.S. adults say these so - called municipal broadband networks should not be allowed
Views of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad are negative across all of the Middle Eastern nations surveyed . Only 7 % in Israel and 1 % in Jordan view Assad positively .
Republicans generally have a positive view of potential increases in tariffs on steel and aluminum imports . About six - in - ten ( 58 % ) say they would be good for the country , while just 26 % say such tariff increases would be bad for the country . Democratic opinion is the opposite : Only 22 % of Democrats think increasing steel and aluminum tariffs would be good for the U.S. , while 63 % say they would be bad for the country
2 % of Americans report that they have ever personally lost a job because their employers replaced their positions with a machine or computer program .
a median of just 9 % view the countries of the EU as the world ’s leading economic power . 42 % name the U.S. and 32 % name China , while an additional 7 % name Japan .
The survey finds that a majority of Americans ( 60 % ) say the primary reason that the number of confirmed coronavirus cases is increasing is because there are more new infections , not just more testing for the disease . About four - in - ten ( 39 % ) say cases are rising primarily because more people are being tested than in previous months
Roughly eight - in - ten U.S. adults ( 79 % ) say that in the next 20 years doctors will use class='chrome-extension-mutihighlight chrome-extension-mutihighlight-style-6'>computer programs to diagnose and treat most diseases , including 21 % who say this will definitely happen
71 % of children live with two married parents . This is slightly higher than the 66 % of children in urban areas living with two married parents , and similar to the 68 % of rural children who live with two married parents .
a sizable majority of mobile phone users ( 79 % ) say their own phone has helped their ability to get news and information about important issues . Similarly , a median of 58 % of mobile phone users say their devices have helped their ability to communicate face - to - face .
Americans are relying less on television for their news . Just 50 % of U.S. adults now get news regularly from television , down from 57 % a year prior in early 2016 . But that audience drain varies across the three television sectors : local , network and cable . Local TV has experienced the greatest decline but still garners the largest audience of the three , according to a new Pew Research Center analysis . From 2016 to 2017 , the portion of Americans who often rely on local TV for their news fell 9 percentage points , from 46 % to 37 % . By comparison , reliance on network TV news declined from 30 % to 26 % . Cable TV news use remained more stable , with 28 % often getting news there last year , compared with 31 % in 2016 . Even after these declines , local TV still has a wider reach overall for news than network and cable . Some demographic groups turn to each of the three television venues more than others , however
Relatively small shares of both Republicans ( 30 % ) and Democrats ( 27 % ) say ordinary people across the country are reacting about right to the coronavirus outbreak
While just 23 % of those who feel mostly Taiwanese have favorable views of mainland China , a majority ( 57 % ) of those who consider themselves both Chinese and Taiwanese feel this way . Those who consider themselves both Taiwanese and Chinese offer much more support ( 81 % ) for closer economic ties than those who feel only Taiwanese ( 37 % )
Asians make up 43 % of immigrant eligible voters in California .
Those who have higher incomes are more likely than those who are less well - off to say the U.S. is the world ’s leading economic power ( 63 % vs. 53 % )
Most voters who cast ballots in person say that their polling place was not too ( 28 % ) or not at all ( 41 % ) crowded . About three - in - ten say it was somewhat ( 24 % ) or very ( 6 % ) crowded .
As one might expect , working in science , technology , engineering and math ( STEM ) – or earning a postgraduate degree in a STEM field – is closely related to liking science and math classes in grades K-12 . But many of those who work in other occupations or have a degree in a different field liked one or both of these subjects as well .
Nearly half ( 47 % ) are at least somewhat confident that congressional Democrats will be fair , while 52 % have little or no confidence in the Democrats
only 16 % of U.S. adults say they ’ve ever given money to an organization that takes a position on gun policy . Among gun owners , 28 % say they have ever given money to an organization like this , including 12 % of who have done so in the past year . The same is true for just 10 % of non - owners , including 6 % who have done so in the past year .
In the U.S. , both Republicans and Democrats name the UK as their most trusted partner , although Democrats are more likely to say this
Nearly six - in - ten Germans say having the U.S. as the top global power would be better for the world , with only 19 % saying this about China .
72 % say there should be a way for undocumented immigrants to stay in the country legally , if certain requirements are met ; far fewer ( 27 % ) say there should not be a way for undocumented immigrants to stay in the country legally
The United States was the largest contributor to the WHO in the 2018 - 2019 biennium , giving just over $ 893 million , or about 20 % of its approved budget that cycle
Views of events in Russia ’s history differ by the level of confidence in President Vladimir Putin . Russians who trust Putin to do the right thing on the world stage are more likely than those who express no confidence to name World War II as the most important event of the past century ( 35 % vs 24 % ) . Among the small share who express no confidence in Putin , the top historical event is the dissolution of the Soviet Union ( 30 % ) , not World War II .
Most Americans favor allowing unmarried couples to have the same legal rights as married couples . Roughly two - thirds of adults ( 65 % ) say they favor allowing unmarried couples to enter into legal agreements that would give them the same rights as married couples when it comes to things like health insurance , inheritance or tax benefits , while 34 % oppose this .
A major concern about immigration among people in the countries surveyed is whether immigrants will make the effort to integrate into their new country . In a late 2017 Pew Research Center survey , majorities in all countries agreed that , for the good of their society , immigrants should adopt the country ’s customs and traditions .
About two - thirds ( 68 % ) of Trump supporters who say they are very conservative express a preference for voting in person on Nov. 3 , while 19 % say they would like to cast their ballots in person before Election Day and just 11 % say they would like to vote by mail twice as likely as very conservative Trump voters to prefer to vote by mail this year ( 22 % vs. 11 % )
Most Americans ( 59 % ) say climate change is affecting their local community at least some , especially those who live near a coast . Two - thirds of those who live within 25 miles of a coastline ( 67 % ) say this , compared with 59 % of those who live 25 to 299 miles from a coast and half of those who live 300 miles or more from a coast .
Relatively few Americans say they have ever expressed their feelings about the issue of guns by either posting on social media ( 26 % ) , contributing money to an organization that takes a position on gun policy ( 14 % ) , contacting a public official to express an opinion on guns ( 14 % ) or attending a rally or protest about the issue of guns ( 6 % ) . Today , 7 % of adults say they have contacted an official in the past 12 months . Similarly 7 % of adults said they had contributed money to an organization in the past year .
More than 37 million Latinos in the U.S. speak Spanish at home , making it the country ’s most common non - English language . But while the number of Latinos who speak Spanish at home continues to increase due to the overall growth of the Latino population , the share of Latinos who speak the language has declined over the past decade or so : 73 % of Latinos spoke Spanish at home in 2015 , down from 78 % in 2006 , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data .
Some 74 % of Republicans and independents who lean Republican believe it is possible to cut regulations and protect the quality of air and water , compared with 35 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners who say the same .
Around three - quarters of U.S. adults ( 76 % ) say churches and other houses of worship should not come out in favor of candidates during elections
Among Democrats , those with high political knowledge are more than three times as likely to say they have heard about QAnon ( 85 % ) as those with low political knowledge ( 25 % )
About eight - in - ten or more adults say politicians ( 84 % ) , large corporations ( 82 % ) and wealthy people ( 82 % ) have too much power and influence . About three - quarters ( 74 % ) say health insurance companies have too much power , and majorities say the same about banks and other financial institutions ( 64 % ) and technology companies ( 61 % ) .
A majority ( 75 % ) says they feel comfortable going to the grocery store given the current situation with the coronavirus outbreak , and about two - thirds ( 65 % ) say they are comfortable visiting with a close friend or family member inside their home . Just over half ( 53 % ) are comfortable going to a hair salon or barbershop
Only 19 % of AfD supporters say globalization has been a good thing for Germany , compared with 83 % of those who support the Greens and 70 % of supporters of the CDU / CSU or SPD .
Ukraine is an overwhelmingly Orthodox Christian nation , with nearly eight - in - ten adults ( 78 % ) identifying as Orthodox ( compared with 71 % in Russia ) .
The vote ( with 66 % approving the referendum ) underscores the findings in a new Pew Research Center report , which shows that people in Ireland – like those in 14 other Western European countries – believe abortion should be legal in all or most cases .
Europeans have experienced a variety of economic challenges in recent years , and the financial anxiety felt by many is clearly reflected in the survey ’s findings . A remarkable number of Europeans believe the financial situation for average people in their country has not improved over the past two decades . In Greece , Italy and Spain – three southern European nations hit hard by the financial crisis – large majorities say average people are worse off than they were 20 years ago . And roughly half or more share this view in France and the UK . Two notable exceptions are Poland and Sweden , where about two - in - three believe people are generally better off financially .
Americans and Germans diverge on who is the world ’s leading economic power . Roughly half of Americans ( 49 % ) name the U.S. as the world ’s economic leader , while only 19 % of Germans say the same . Over half of Germans ( 53 % ) say China is the leading economy . A further 21 % of Germans say the countries of the European Union are the world ’s top economic power , while only 7 % of Americans say this .
there has been a decline in both Germany and America in the percentage of those saying the U.S. government respects the personal freedoms of its people . Now , just 35 % of Germans and 51 % of Americans hold this view .
Majority says significant changes are needed in structure of government A 62 % majority of the public says that significant changes are needed in the fundamental design and structure of American government to make it work for current times 37 % say the design and structure of government serves the country well , and significant changes are not needed 79 % of Democrats say significant changes in the structure of government are needed , compared with 41 % of Republicans .
49 % saying their family ’s income is falling behind the cost of living , while 40 % feel they ’re staying about even and just 9 % feel like they ’re getting ahead .
At the country level , only Syria had a higher rate of growth in its number of people living in other countries .
Americans with 86 % saying people in their households are “ reacting about right . ” Most also say their local school system is reacting about right ( 86 % ) , and majorities say the same about their local ( 74 % ) or state ( 72 % ) government
The sense that increasing presidential power would be “ too risky ” has grown among Democrats since August , when Barack Obama was still president : While a 66 % majority said giving presidents greater powers would be too risky in August , nearly nine - in - ten ( 87 % ) now say this . Conversely , while 82 % of Republicans expressed concern about increasing presidential powers relative to the other branches of government in August , a smaller majority ( 65 % ) say this today .
Black Americans prefer getting their news from TV Six in ten say this is their preferred pathway to news far fewer prefer online ( 25 % ) radio ( 9 % ) or print ( 5 % ) .
55 % majority of black Democrats say “ it is necessary to believe in God in order to be moral , ” while 44 % say it is not necessary . By contrast , a large majority of white Democrats ( 89 % ) and a narrower majority of Hispanic Democrats ( 57 % ) say a belief in God is not necessary to be moral .
Republicans and Democrats say that , overall , the benefits of the measles , mumps and rubella vaccine outweigh the risks ( 89 % and 88 % respectively ) .
Among Democrats about seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) say they would not consider being in a committed relationship with someone who voted for Donald Trump . In fact , 45 % say they definitely would not consider seriously dating a Trump voter
Overall , 63 % of Democratic voters say there are several candidates they feel excited about . Liberal Democrats ( 73 % ) are more likely to express this view than are conservative and moderate Democrats ( 52 % )
The public generally expresses more worry than enthusiasm about emerging automation technologies – especially when it comes to jobs . U.S. adults are roughly twice as likely to express worry ( 72 % ) as enthusiasm ( 33 % ) about a future in which robots and computers are capable of doing many jobs that are currently done by humans .
While less common than keeping in touch with the people in their lives , around half of online sub - Saharan Africans use the internet to get news and information about politics ( median of 53 % of internet users ) or public or government services ( 51 % ) . Another four - in - ten use it to access information about health and medicine ( 41 % ) .
Americans ( 49 % ) say the slow pace in evaluating the safety and effectiveness of medical treatments is a big problem . 46 % say a big problem is that health care providers are too quick to order potentially unnecessary tests and procedures 44 % cite new treatments effects and 42 % say new treatments are so complex that patients
Even though many people in the nations surveyed say they want less immigration , there is considerable support for accepting both refugees who flee violence ( a median of 77 % ) . Majorities in eight of 10 European countries favor taking in refugees , with roughly eight - in - ten or more in Spain , the Netherlands , Germany , Sweden and France expressing this view . Hungarians have the lowest support for this policy , with about a third ( 32 % ) who believe refugees should be allowed into the country .
Majorities of Millennials ( those born between 1981 and 1997 ) , Generation X ( born between 1965 and 1980 ) and Baby Boomers ( born between 1946 and 1964 ) say the use of marijuana should be legal . Members of the Silent Generation ( born between 1928 and 1945 ) continue to be the least supportive of legalization : Only 35 % favor legalizing marijuana , while 64 % are opposed .
Asian workers in the U.S. are the most likely to have completed at least a bachelor ’s degree . In 2016 , about two - thirds ( 65 % ) of Asian workers ages 25 to 29 had at least a bachelor ’s degree .
Nine - in - ten Republicans and independents who lean toward the Republican Party say it ’s at least somewhat likely that social media platforms censor political viewpoints they find objectionable , up slightly from 85 % in 2018
About four - in - ten of those ages 18 to 29 say it is more important to have a close relationship with Germany , compared with 47 % who say the same about China
more continue to think the United States does too much , rather than too little , to help solve world problems . But the share saying the U.S. does too little to address global problems has nearly doubled – from 17 % to 31 % – since last November , while the percentage saying it is doing too much has fallen from 51 % to 39 %
When it comes to immigration policy , roughly seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) continue to support a way for undocumented immigrants to gain legal status if certain requirements are met .
In valuing people from different backgrounds , 35 % say female business leaders are better , while 3 % say male leaders are better . About six - in - ten ( 62 % ) do n’t see a gender difference . Similarly , 33 % say female executives do a better job considering the societal impact of business decisions while 8 % say male leaders are better at this and 58 % say there is n’t any difference .
White Democrats ( 83 % ) are far more likely than either black Democrats ( 47 % ) or Hispanic Democrats ( 57 % ) to describe Sanders ’ views as liberal . Larger shares of black ( 23 % ) and Hispanic Democrats ( 18 % ) than white Democrats ( 10 % ) say they are not sure how to describe Sanders ’ political views
while Millennials make up 32 % of all U.S. adults , they account for roughly half of American Muslim adults ( 52 % ) .
Young people have an especially negative view of the way politicians are tackling the issue of cyberbullying – 79 % of teens say elected officials are doing only a fair or poor job of addressing this problem .
Black ( 48 % ) and Hispanic adults ( 44 % ) were more likely than white adults ( 26 % ) to say they “ can not pay some bills or can only make partial payments on some of them this month
Among Warren and Sanders supporters , larger shares rate policy positions as most important ( 38 % and 43 % , respectively ) than cite a candidate ’s personal characteristics or electability
Political views , physical appearance , gender and race are among the top reasons people say they are harassed online . Some 14 % of Americans – representing 35 % of those who have encountered any type of harassment online – say they have been the target of online harassment because of their political views Among other reasons people have been harassed online , around one - in - ten U.S. adults cite their physical appearance ( 9 % ) , while 8 % each say they were targeted because of their gender or their race or ethnicity . Smaller shares cited religion , sexual orientation , occupation or disability status as reasons .
Republican - leaning independents favor expanding the border wall , though by a smaller margin than Republicans identifiers . GOP leaners favor substantially expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border by roughly three - to - one ( 75 % to 23 % ) . Among those who affiliate with the Republican Party , the margin is nearly eight - to - one ( 87 % to 11 % ) . As with the border wall , Democratic - leaning independents are more likely to view increased tariffs negatively ( 75 % say they will be bad for the U.S. ) than Republican - leaning independents are to view them positively ( 66 % say they will be good ) .
Despite the general belief that trade is good for the economy , there is substantial skepticism regarding its impact on jobs , wages and prices . About half ( a median of 49 % ) say trade creates jobs , roughly one - in - three ( 34 % ) believe it increases wages , and only about one - in - four ( 27 % ) think it decreases prices .
Overall , 24 % of teens who report being constantly online say they meet with their friends in person outside of school every day or almost every day . And when it comes to online interaction with their friends , 69 % of teens who are online constantly say they talk to their friends online every day or almost every day , compared with 52 % of teens who visit the internet less frequently .
A large majority of homeowners who have already installed or have given serious thought to installing solar panels say they want to help the environment ( 87 % ) . And almost all ( 96 % ) say they want to save money on utility bills
majorities of both Five Star ( 82 % ) and League supporters ( 74 % ) agree that it is the government ’s responsibility to ensure a decent standard of living for all
About seven - in - ten in the U.S. ( 69 % ) want more cooperation with Germany , compared with half of Germans ( 50 % ) who want more cooperation with the U.S.
Hispanics made up 8 % of the nation ’s voters , the same as in 2010 and 2006 . Even as the Latino vote remained flat at 8 % , their share among eligible voters has grown from 8.6 % in 2006 to 11 % this year .
Americans who have employer - provided coverage prefer higher - cost / broader network plans by an even larger margin : 55 % to 34 % .
Just 3 % of U.S. adults say they have “ a lot ” of understanding of the current laws and regulations in place to protect their data privacy
Only 3 % of Americans think these companies can be trusted to do what is right just about all of the time , notably smaller than the share ( 14 % ) that thinks they can hardly ever be trusted . In total , some 28 % of Americans think these companies can be trusted to do the right thing most of the time or always , while a total of 72 % think they can be trusted to do the right thing some of the time or hardly ever
But since 1992 , according to Pew Research Center tabulations of Senate data , 232 individual nominees have been subject to at least one cloture vote .
As far as what share of Americans say they know a transgender person , 37 % say they personally do , including 13 % who say they have a close friend or a family member who is transgender ( 9 % say they have a close friend and 6 % have a family member who is transgender ) . About a quarter of Americans ( 24 % ) say they have an acquaintance who is transgender , while 7 % say they have a transgender co - worker .
men ( 49 % ) are slightly more likely than women ( 41 % ) to say that hard work is more often the reason why someone is rich . Men ( 42 % ) also are more likely than women ( 26 % ) to say that a lack of effort is more to blame if someone is poor .
Among religiously affiliated Southern teens , roughly four - in - ten say they regularly pray before eating lunch at their public school ( 38 % ) , compared with smaller shares in the Midwest ( 23 % ) , West ( 20 % ) and Northeast ( 13 % ) who say this . Teens in the South ( 31 % ) also are more likely than teens in the West ( 21 % ) and Northeast ( 14 % ) to invite other students to religious youth groups or worship services .
Many Americans believe fabricated news is sowing confusion . About a third of U.S. adults ( 32 % ) say they often see made - up political news online , while 39 % sometimes see such stories and 26 % hardly ever or never do . About half ( 51 % ) say they often see political news online that is at least somewhat inaccurate .
45 % of teens say they use the internet “ almost constantly , ” a figure that has nearly doubled from the 24 % who said this in 2014 - 2015 . Another 44 % say they go online several times a day , meaning roughly nine - in - ten teens go online at least multiple times per day .
The largest share of Americans ( 41 % ) expect U.S. influence in world affairs to be about the same after the coronavirus outbreak compared to beforehand . The rest are evenly split , with 29 % saying the U.S. will have more influence and less influence , respectively .
One - in - seven U.S. infants ( 14 % ) were multiracial or multiethnic in 2015 , nearly triple the share in 1980 , according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data .
Most teens report attending religious services with either both ( 40 % ) or one ( 25 % ) of their parents . Another 7 % say they generally attend with other people , such as grandparents , other family members or friends . Just 1 % say they attend worship services alone . Roughly one - quarter say they never attend religious services or declined to answer the question .
About nine - in - ten White Democrats ( 88 % ) express at least some support for the Black Lives Matter movement , compared with 16 % of White Republicans And while about half of White Democrats ( 51 % ) say they strongly support the movement , just 2 % of White Republicans say the same
About four - in - ten adults ( 39 % ) say society has not gone far enough in accepting people who are transgender , while 32 % say society has gone too far and 27 % say it has been about right .
. More than eight - in - ten Solid Liberals ( 84 % ) say it matters a great deal to them which party wins control of Congress next year , the highest share of any typology group . Core Conservatives are next highest , at 77 % . At this point , other groups are less engaged by the struggle for partisan control of Congress . And the drop - off is particularly notable among three groups close to the middle of the typology . Fewer than half of Market Skeptic Republicans ( 44 % ) and New Era Enterprisers ( 41 % ) say it matters a great deal which party wins control of Congress ; just 44 % of Devout and Diverse say the same .
People with family incomes of $ 75,000 or more say the tax law ’s personal impact will be more positive than negative . Those with lower incomes have less favorable expectations for the law . Nearly four - in - ten ( 38 % ) of those with incomes of at least $ 100,000 say the law will have a mostly positive personal impact , while just 20 % expect negative effects ( 35 % say it will not have much effect ) . Among those with incomes of $ 75,000-$99,999 , 44 % say the law ’s personal impact will be mostly positive compared with 19 % who say it will be mostly negative ; 30 % expect not much of an effect
Americans ’ attitudes toward offensive content online also tend to differ by political affiliation . The survey asked respondents to choose which statement came closer to their view : “ Many people take offensive content they see online too seriously ” or “ offensive content online is too often excused as not a big deal . ” By a 63%-36 % margin , Republicans say people take offensive online content too seriously . By contrast , Democrats are more divided : 50 % say offensive content is often taken too seriously , while 48 % feel it is too often excused as not a big deal .
Overall , four - in - ten ( 39 % ) respondents say that U.S. Latinos of different origins share “ a lot ” of values , while another 39 % say U.S. Latinos share “ some ” values and an additional 19 % say that they share few or no values .
roughly nine - in - ten or more say it is either somewhat or very important to have a president who lives a moral , ethical life . But Democrats and those who lean toward the Democratic Party are more likely than Republicans and Republican leaners to say it is “ very ” important ( 71 % vs. 53 % )
About three - quarters of Latinos ( 78 % ) say it will be necessary for Congress to pass another economic relief bill in addition to the $ 2 trillion economic assistance package passed by Congress in March and signed by President Donald Trump
Puzzle and strategy games are the most popular genres among those who often or sometimes play video games . Around six - in - ten of these adults play puzzle and strategy games ( 62 % play each type ) , according to the 2017 survey . Meanwhile , 49 % play adventure games , 42 % play shooter games , 39 % play role - playing games , 33 % play team sport or racing games and 32 % play simulation games .
the public gave its strongest support for any deficit - cutting proposal to cuts in defense spending ( 55 % approve , 35 % disapprove ) .
In February 62 % of workers with a bachelor ’s degree or more education had jobs that could be performed remotely
while 67 % of officers say the deaths of blacks in recent encounters with police are isolated incidents , less than half of the public ( 39 % ) shares this view .
The new survey by Pew Research Center , conducted July 22 - August 4 among 4,175 adults , also finds little support for overturning Roe v. Wade , the landmark Supreme Court decision that established a woman ’s right to an abortion . Seven - in - ten say they do not want to see the Roe v. Wade decision completely overturned ; 28 % say they would like to see the Supreme Court completely overturn the 1973 decision .
More than eight - in - ten Hispanics ( 86 % ) favor Congress passing a law granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came illegally to the U.S. as children . Hispanic Democrats ( 92 % ) and Republicans ( 77 % ) both broadly support Congress creating a path to legal status for immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children .
About one - in - five ( 19 % ) say that knowing a friend had voted for class='chrome-extension-mutihighlight chrome-extension-mutihighlight-style-6'>Trump would put a strain on their friendship
nearly two - thirds ( 64 % ) say the government provides too much help for wealthy people .
80 % who approve of Duterte ’s handling of the economy and 78 % who approve of his handling of illegal - drug issues .
Seniors 65 and older , however , think the private marketplace is the most effective way to increase reliance on renewable energy sources by a 50%-41 % margin .
And 38 % believe NASA should make it a top priority to conduct scientific research on how space travel affects human health , while 41 % see it as an important but lower priority .
Americans and Germans have different views about what the most important aspect of the U.S.-German relationship is . Roughly a third of Americans say the most important aspects of the relationship – from a list of three options – are security and defense ties ( 34 % ) and economic and trade ties ( 33 % ) . About one - in - five ( 21 % ) name shared democratic values as the pre - eminent aspect of the relationship . Most Germans , by contrast , say economic connections are the most critical ( 45 % ) , with about a third saying democratic values are the keystone of the transatlantic relationship ( 35 % ) . Only 16 % of Germans cite defense ties .
An overwhelming majority ( 86 % ) of Americans say conflicts between Democrats and Republicans are either strong or very strong .
There is no consensus on whether society has been too accepting of transgender people or not accepting enough . About four - in - ten adults ( 39 % ) say society has not gone far enough in accepting people who are transgender , while 32 % say society has gone too far and 27 % say it has been about right .
Overall public views of the FBI remain positive : 65 % have a favorable opinion of the FBI , while 26 % view it unfavorably . But since early 2017 , the share of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents with a positive view of the bureau has fallen 16 percentage points , from 65 % to 49 % . The national survey by Pew Research Center , conducted July 11 - 15 among 1,007 adults , finds that six - in - ten or more view several federal agencies favorably : the National Park Service ( 83 % favorable ) , the Census Bureau ( 69 % ) , the FBI ( 65 % ) , the CIA ( 61 % ) and the Department of Health and Human Services ( 60 % ) . However , views of ICE are evenly divided . About as many Americans view Immigration and Customs Enforcement favorably ( 44 % ) as unfavorably ( 47 % )
A median of 57 % say immigration increases the risk of terrorism in their country , while 38 % believe it does not .
27 % of U.S. adults believe Trump ’s election reflects God ’s will in the sense that outcome must be part of God ’s overall plan , but that this does n’t necessarily mean God approves of Trump ’s policies . just 5 % – say God chose Trump because God approves of his policies . About half of Americans say God does n’t get involved in U.S. presidential elections ( 49 % ) , while the remainder say they do n’t believe in God ( 16 % ) .
in New Zealand , where the top quartile of most active legislative tweeters produced 76 % of all legislative tweets
Americans generally believe individual journalists are capable of distancing their own views from their reporting . Six - in - ten U.S. adults say it is possible for journalists to fully set aside their own views and opinions when reporting on an issue or event , much higher than the 39 % who say they can not do this .
The new survey finds that partisans are starkly divided in their perceptions of how seriously the Trump administration is trying to prevent Russian interference in future U.S. elections . A large majority of Republicans ( 81 % ) say they are very or somewhat confident the administration is making a serious effort to prevent future Russian interference , with 49 % saying they are very confident – an 11 - point increase since March 2018 . Only 17 % say they are not too or not at all confident . In contrast , 83 % of Democrats say they are not too or not at all confident that the administration is making a serious effort to prevent Russian interference . Only 15 % say they are very or somewhat confident
About half of 2.2 million people who sought asylum in Europe during the 2015 and 2016 refugee surge were still in limbo at the end of 2016 and did not know if they would be allowed to stay .
Currently , 41 % of Democrats say they have a favorable opinion of the federal government , compared with 27 % of independents and just 13 % of Republicans .
Germans are also very positive when rating their own country ’s job dealing with the coronavirus outbreak : Nearly nine - in - ten ( 88 % ) say the country has done well
About half of Hispanic adults say they most often describe themselves by their family ’s country of origin or heritage , while another 39 % most often describe themselves as “ Hispanic ” or “ Latino
Most Americans say they think of scientists as neither politically liberal nor conservative Some 64 % of Americans perceive scientists as neither liberal nor conservative . Another 24 % of adults think scientists are politically liberal and 7 % say scientists are politically conservative .
a new Pew Research Center survey finds that most Americans ( 73 % ) say colleges and universities should not consider race or ethnicity when making decisions about student admissions . Just 7 % say race should be a major factor in college admissions , while 19 % say it should be a minor factor . While majorities across racial and ethnic groups agree that race should not be a factor in college admissions , white adults are particularly likely to hold this view : 78 % say this , compared with 65 % of Hispanics , 62 % of blacks and 58 % of Asians .
The public remains divided over whether or not a way can be found for Israel and an independent Palestinian state to coexist peacefully : 43 % say they think this can happen , while 48 % do not think so . In April , 46 % thought a two - state solution in the Middle East could work , while 44 % disagreed .
Blacks are more likely than either whites or Hispanics to say voting should be made as easy as possible for citizens : 79 % of blacks say this , while just 19 % say citizens should have to prove they really want to vote by registering ahead of time .
Roughly six - in - ten Americans ( 58 % ) say one very likely negative effect that will result from gene editing is that it will increase inequality because it will only be available for the wealthy . Another 54 % express concern that , even if gene editing is appropriate for certain purposes , it will lead to a slippery slope , with some using it in morally unacceptable ways . Far fewer Americans see upsides if gene editing for babies were to become widely available . About one - in - five ( 18 % ) consider it very likely that gene editing would pave the way for new medical advances that benefit society , and 16 % have a similar degree of confidence that it would help people live longer and better quality lives .
Japan ( 38,818 ) , Germany ( 34,602 ) , South Korea ( 24,189 ) , Italy ( 12,088 ) and Afghanistan ( 9,023 ) .
About half ( 53 % ) consider themselves to be a typical American , while 44 % say they are very different from a typical American
Nearly two - thirds of Americans say China has not handled the global pandemic well , rating its performance as the worst ( alongside Italy ) among the six countries asked about in the April and May survey And more give China the lowest possible rating – poor – for its dealings with the coronavirus than they do any other country ( 37 % , compared with 27 % who said the same of Italy ) .
About seven - in - ten League supporters also say immigrants increase the risk of terrorist attacks in Italy , including 59 % who say they strongly believe immigrants increase the risk of such attacks
they feel as though government could do more to regulate what advertisers do with their personal information ; 64 % believe the government should do more to regulate advertisers , compared with 34 % who think the government should not get more involved .
about six - in - ten ( 59 % ) say that a major reason they are not married is that they have n’t found the right person
70 % say there should be a way for undocumented immigrants to stay in the country legally , if they meet certain requirements . Most of those who support legal status think there should be a way for unauthorized immigrants to become citizens ( 43 % overall ) , while 24 % say the path should only include permanent residency .
U.S. fathers today are spending more time caring for their children than they did a half - century ago . Still , most ( 63 % ) say they spend too little time with their kids and a much smaller share ( 36 % ) say they spend the right amount of time with them
Although most people worldwide described their day as typical ( median of 62 % ) and relatively few described it as particularly good ( median of 30 % ) , people in sub - Saharan Africa and Latin America were more likely to view their day positively . Roughly half of Africans ( median of 49 % ) and Latin Americans ( 48 % ) surveyed said their day was particularly good . Other regions – especially Europe ( 73 % ) – overwhelmingly described their day as typical ; only 22 % of Europeans said their day was good . The share of upbeat people was notably higher in several countries surveyed . Half or more responded that their day was good in Nigeria ( 73 % ) , Colombia ( 61 % ) , Ghana ( 60 % ) , Brazil ( 56 % ) , the Philippines ( 53 % ) and Peru ( 50 % )
Almost all of the quiz - takers ( 94 % ) say they have a library card , compared with 61 % of the general population , and 87 % have visited a library in the past year . Even more notably , 88 % have used a public library website in the past year — almost three times the rate of the Americans population overall ( 30 % ) .
Among the factors that affect household finances , the public ranks the cost of health care and the prices of food and consumer goods highest . About half of Americans say the cost of health care affects their household ’s financial situation a lot ( 53 % ) , and nearly as many ( 48 % ) say the same about prices of food and consumer goods . Real estate values ( 37 % ) , gas prices ( 37 % ) and the availability of jobs ( 34 % ) are mentioned by about a third of Americans as affecting their household ’s finances a lot . Only about two - in - ten say the same of the stock market ( 21 % ) or the federal budget deficit ( 22 % ) .
Across the five Asia - Pacific countries surveyed , cyberattacks , climate change and ISIS are all mentioned as top concerns by at least one country . In Japan , it is cyberattacks , while in South Korea and Australia , it is climate change . ISIS is named as the top threat in the Philippines and Indonesia . In South Korea , more rate China ’s power as a major threat ( 82 % ) than the DPRK ’s nuclear program ( 67 % ) .
By roughly two - to - one , both blacks ( 62 % to 29 % ) and Hispanics ( 63 % to 33 % ) are more likely to say free trade agreements have been good for the country than to say they have been bad for the country . By contrast , whites are divided in their views of the impact of free trade agreements ( 47 % say they have been a good thing , 44 % say they have been a bad thing ) .
a little over Americans say it is more important to have a close relationship with Germany ( 43 % ) , while ( 44 % ) prioritize relations with China .
Just 17 % of AAAS scientists and 38 % of Americans said population growth wo n’t be a problem because we will find a way to stretch natural resources .
Saudi Arabia is a young country : In 2015 , about 56 % of the kingdom ’s Muslims were under the age of 30
Among those who say that it is at least probable that senior members of the Trump administration had improper contact with Russia , 36 % are very confident that Mueller ’s investigation will be fair and another 31 % are somewhat confident . Among those who think that there was probably or definitely no improper contact , only 12 % are very confident in a fair investigation , while 30 % are somewhat confident .
A quarter of lower - income teens do not have access to a home computer . Hispanic teens were especially likely to say they do not have access to a home computer : 18 % said this , compared with 9 % of white teens and 11 % of black teens .
Views on trade seem to reflect the public ’s general economic mood . Globally , among respondents who think their economy is doing well , a median of 53 % across 24 countries say trade creates jobs and 39 % believe it increases wages . Among those publics who say their economy is doing poorly , just 43 % believe trade generates jobs and 29 % say it boosts wages .
A Pew Research Center survey conducted in August found that 46 % of U.S. adults say they have a family member or close friend who is addicted to drugs or has been in the past . Identical shares of men and women say this ( 46 % each ) , as do identical shares of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents when compared with Republicans and Republican leaners ( also 46 % each ) . There are no statistically significant differences between whites ( 46 % ) , Hispanics ( 50 % ) and blacks ( 52 % ) .
a majority of Americans who are married say they have given their spouse or partner the password for their cellphone ( 75 % ) , their email account ( 62 % ) or any of their social media accounts ( 42%).3 Roughly three - quarters or more of married adults ( 79 % ) or those who live with a partner ( 74 % ) say they have given their partner the password to their cellphone , compared with 58 % of those who are in a committed relationship When it comes to email password sharing , married adults are the most likely group to say they have given their email password to their partner : 70 % say this , compared with 50 % of cohabiting internet users and just 22 % of those in a committed relationship
When asked whether they understand why certain posts but not others are included in their news feed , around half of U.S. adults who use Facebook ( 53 % ) say they do not – with 20 % saying they do not understand the feed at all well . Older users are especially likely to say they do not understand the workings of the news feed : Just 38 % of Facebook users ages 50 and older say they have a good understanding of why certain posts are included in it , compared with 59 % of users ages 18 to 29 .
Among Americans , Republicans clearly see defense ties as most important ( 47 % ) , with 28 % naming economic and trade ties and just 12 % naming shared values . Democrats are almost evenly divided across the three options
we estimate that only about 6.9 % of the adult population has a mixed - race background .
White voters were more likely than Black or Hispanic voters to say they had gotten political news from Trump On the other hand , Black voters ( 32 % ) were more likely than white or Hispanic voters ( 23 % each ) to say they ’d gotten news from Biden
Six - in - ten adults say the public K-12 education system has a lot of responsibility in making sure the U.S. workforce has the right skills and education to be successful in today ’s economy .
Nearly seven - in - ten Brazilians ( 69 % ) say the country ’s economic situation will improve over the next 12 months , with roughly a third ( 34 % ) believing it will improve a lot .
Majorities of adults 30 years old and younger ( 57 % ) and ages 30 - 49 ( 54 % ) say they would rather have a bigger government providing more services . Fewer adults ages 50 - 64 ( 38 % ) and adults ages 65 and older ( 40 % ) say this
Nearly six - in - ten black Democrats ( 57 % ) say that Trump ’s economic policies have made economic conditions in the country worse . Smaller shares of white ( 47 % ) and Hispanic ( 43 % ) Democrats say the same .
A majority of voters ( 55 % ) say that ordinary citizens can do a lot to influence the government in Washington if they are willing to make the effort . The share who say ordinary citizens can do a lot is down slightly compared December 2016 , when 62 % of voters said this .
About half of Hispanic adults ( 49 % ) are very concerned about unknowingly spreading COVID-19 to others , compared with 38 % of black adults and 28 % of white adults . And Hispanics ( 43 % ) and blacks ( 31 % ) are far more likely than whites ( 18 % ) to be very concerned over getting COVID-19 and needing to be hospitalized .
A plurality of teens ( 45 % ) believe social media has a neither positive nor negative effect on people their age . Meanwhile , roughly three - in - ten teens ( 31 % ) say social media has had a mostly positive impact , while 24 % describe its effect as mostly negative .
Putting these demographic measures together , 38 % of the youngest newsroom employees are both non - Hispanic white and male . This is still a higher share than among workers overall ( 30 % ) , but this 8 - percentage - point gap is smaller than among older age groups . Newsroom employees age 50 and older are 17 percentage points more likely to be white men than all workers in the same age group , while those ages 30 to 49 are 15 points more likely .
Most think human rights organizations are making a difference . When asked how much influence human rights organizations are having on the way things are going in their countries , solid majorities of Indonesians , Kenyans , Mexicans and Indians said either a great deal or a fair amount . Still , no more than 30 % in any of these nations said these groups are having a great deal of influence .
Americans are reluctant to incorporate these types of technologies into their own lives . When asked whether they would or would not personally use specific automation technologies , around six - in - ten U.S. adults say they would not want to ride in a driverless car ( 56 % ) or have a class='chrome-extension-mutihighlight chrome-extension-mutihighlight-style-2'>robot caregiver for themselves or a family member ( 59 % )
roughly nine - in - ten Democrats with a high level of knowledge about science ( 89 % ) said human activity contributes a great deal to climate change , compared with 41 % of Democrats with low science knowledge
Younger Americans are better than their elders at separating factual from opinion statements in the news . About a third ( 32 % ) of Americans ages 18 to 49 correctly identified all five factual statements they were asked to categorize in a Pew Research Center survey , compared with 20 % of those 50 and older . Younger adults ( 44 % ) were also more likely than older Americans ( 26 % ) to accurately classify all five opinion statements . These patterns persisted regardless of the ideological appeal of the statements .
95 % of teens now say they have or have access to a smartphone , which represents a 22 - percentage - point increase from the 73 % of teens who said this in 2014 - 2015 . Smartphone ownership is nearly universal among teens of different genders , races and ethnicities and socioeconomic backgrounds
Democrats , regardless of ideology , support higher tax rates on corporations . But while 70 % of liberal Democrats say tax rates on household incomes over $ 250,000 should be raised , fewer than half of conservative and moderate Democrats ( 46 % ) say the same .
The most active 10 % of adult Twitter users in the U.S. produce 80 % of all tweets sent by these users. The share of all tweets from U.S. adult users also created by bottom 90% tweeters.
Americans are much less likely to see Germany in this way – only 12 % name Germany as one of America ’s top two partners . Still , Germany does make the top four , trailing Great Britain ( 33 % ) and China ( 24 % ) and tying with Israel ( 12 % ) .
Only 7 % in Israel and 1 % in Jordan view Assad positively . Syrians living in Jordan have similarly negative views of the Syrian president ; only 3 % have a favorable view of Assad .
A global median of 70 % say China plays a more important role in the world than it did 10 years ago .
About six - in - ten ( 61 % ) AfD supporters in Germany , a majority ( 56 % ) of National Front backers in France and nearly half ( 47 % ) of Party for Freedom ( PVV ) adherents in the Netherlands say their people ’s culture is “ superior to others
Most prominently , Americans are roughly twice as likely to express worry ( 72 % ) than enthusiasm ( 33 % ) about a future in which robots and computers are capable of doing many jobs that are currently done by humans .
New York , at 12 % , has the greatest share of all U.S. newsroom employees – those who work as reporters , editors , photographers and videographers in the newspaper , broadcasting and internet publishing industries . This is more than twice the share living in the Los Angeles and Washington , D.C. , metro areas , which are each home to 5 % of the nation ’s newsroom employees .
As of 2016 , 15 % of 25- to 35 - year - old Millennials were living in their parents ’ home . This is 5 percentage points higher than the share of Generation Xers who lived in their parents ’ home in 2000 when they were the same age ( 10 % ) , and nearly double the share of the Silent Generation who lived at home in 1964 ( 8 % ) .
In 2016 , turnout among Asian naturalized citizens was 51.9 % , compared with 44.9 % for U.S.-born Asians . Among Hispanics , naturalized - citizen turnout was 53.4 % , higher than the 45.5 % turnout for U.S.-born Hispanics .
Despite Russians ’ lukewarm view of the economy , a majority ( 55 % ) still approves of Putin ’s handling of the issue . Putin also has the support of more than half the country when it comes to energy policy and civil society . The only area included in the survey in which he fails to earn majority approval is the issue of corruption .
Of the 72,151 from India employed under OPT , 84 % had STEM degrees , the highest percentage of any origin country . Iran ( 79 % ) , Bangladesh ( 74 % ) and Sri Lanka ( 70 % ) also had high shares of STEM graduates . Among those from China , 54 % went to STEM graduates .
among 3,487 adults , finds that 54 % currently approve of the House ’s decision to conduct an impeachment inquiry , while 44 % disapprove
32 % of mothers with children under age 18 say they would prefer to work full time .
Americans tracked news about the still - struggling economy closely . A quarter say this was the story they followed more closely than any other last week .
Nearly six - in - ten ( 59 % ) Republican and Republican leaning voters say they have an excellent or good impression of their party ’s presidential candidates . In August 2011 , 49 % of Republican voters viewed the GOP presidential field positively .
the vast majority of the public ( 81 % ) is also feeling good about Merkel ’s capacity to do the right thing on the world stage Germans ages 50 and older have more confidence in Merkel than their younger counterparts and women are more likely to feel this way than men
registered voters are about evenly split in terms of who they think will win the majority in the House of Representatives . By comparison , more voters say the GOP will hold a majority in the Senate than expect the Democratic Party to take control of that chamber . Overall , 51 % of registered voters say they think the Republican Party will hold a majority in the House , while slightly fewer ( 46 % ) say the Democratic Party will hold a majority in the 116th Congress . Partisans are about equally confident that their own party will have the majority : 82 % of those supporting Republican candidates say they expect the GOP to hold the House majority ; 77 % of those supporting Democratic candidates say they expect their party to win the most seats .
Last year , that industry employed 3.75 million near - minimum workers .
Overall , the public remains skeptical about the prospects of Cuba shifting in a democratic direction but more ( 43 % ) say they think the communist country will become more democratic over the next several years than did so in January ( 32 % ) .
About three - quarters of Muslim Americans ( 74 % ) say President Donald Trump is unfriendly toward them , according to a new Pew Research Center survey .
Just 21 % of Americans say relations between Republicans and Democrats will get better in the coming year . Far more ( 37 % ) expect relations to worsen , while 41 % say they will stay about the same
Of the seven leaders tested in the survey , Americans have the lowest levels of confidence in Russian President Vladimir Putin , with about one - in - five ( 21 % ) saying he will do the right thing in world affairs
Only about one - in - ten Americans say that high - speed internet access is either not too important ( 6 % ) or not important at all ( 3 % ) .
A median of 47 % across the 38 countries surveyed have a favorable opinion of China , while 37 % express an unfavorable view . Majorities or pluralities in 24 countries give China a positive rating .
A majority of U.S. adults ( 82 % ) say that are times when it is acceptable for journalists to use anonymous sources with 67 % saying it is acceptable only in special cases
In 2018 , half of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents said significant changes to American government were needed ; today , that share has dropped to 41 % . A majority ( 57 % ) now says no significant changes are needed At the same time , Democrats have grown more likely to say significant changes are needed . In 2018 , 68 % of Democrats said substantial change was necessary . Today , 79 % of Democrats say changes are needed to make government work for current times
Across 10 European nations recently surveyed by Pew Research Center , a median of 74 % say the EU promotes peace , and most also think it promotes democratic values and prosperity . However , Europeans also tend to describe Brussels as inefficient and intrusive , and in particular they believe the EU is out of touch – a median of 62 % say it does not understand the needs of its citizens .
Republicans generally have a positive view of potential increases in tariffs on steel and aluminum imports . About six - in - ten ( 58 % ) say they would be good for the country , while just 26 % say such tariff increases would be bad for the country . Democratic opinion is the opposite : Only 22 % of Democrats think increasing steel and aluminum tariffs would be good for the U.S. , while 63 % say they would be bad for the country . The partisan gap in views of tariffs is substantially wider among those who have heard “ a lot ” about the proposals than those who have not : Two - thirds ( 67 % ) of Republicans who have heard a lot about the proposed tariffs say they will be a good thing for the country , compared with just 8 % of Democrats who have heard a lot about them .
15 % of mail - in test users say their results changed the way they think about their racial or ethnic identity
a median of 66 % say being a member of the official or favored faith is very or somewhat important to national identity
1 NATO is viewed favorably by people in the U.S. and many member countries Americans ( 62 % ) had a favorable opinion of NATO in a 2017 Pew Research Center survey of the U.S. and 11 other member countries . when 53 % had a favorable view . Across all 12 NATO member countries included in the 2017 survey , a median of 61 % approved of the alliance , including a majority of respondents in every country except Spain . In the Netherlands and Poland , roughly eight - in - ten ( 79 % ) said they have a positive view of NATO .
While about six - in - ten in lower income households say the prices of food and consumer goods impacts their finances a lot ( 59 % of those in households with incomes of less than $ 30,000 a year ) , four - in - ten of those in higher income households say the same ( 40 % of households making $ 75,000 annually or more
More say China is playing a larger role in the world compared with 10 years ago than say the same about the U.S. Among the seven countries tested , China stands out : A median of 70 % across 25 countries say it plays a more important global role than it did a decade ago , a significantly higher share than for the other six countries .
Majorities of adults 30 years old and younger ( 57 % ) and ages 30 - 49 ( 54 % ) say they would rather have a bigger government providing more services . Fewer adults ages 50 - 64 ( 38 % ) and adults ages 65 and older ( 40 % ) say this .
Roughly eight - in - ten whites ( 82 % ) report owning a desktop or laptop computer
Against the backdrop of organized school walkouts and marches calling for new legislation to address gun violence , teens see more value in some proposed measures than others . Asked to assess how effective various measures would be at preventing school shootings , 86 % of teens say that preventing people with mental illnesses from purchasing guns and that improving mental health screening and treatment would be effective , including majorities who say each of these proposals would be very effective . Roughly eight - in - ten teens ( 79 % ) say that having metal detectors in schools would be effective and 66 % say the same about banning assault - style weapons
when it came to spending more to develop new energy technology , opinion was divided evenly , with 49 % prioritizing energy spending and 45 % deficit reduction .
Nine months after passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act , views of the sweeping tax law are little changed . More say they disapprove ( 46 % ) rather than approve ( 36 % ) of the law ; about two - in - ten adults ( 18 % ) do not offer an opinion either way .
The median Twitter user produces two tweets per month
Majorities of urban and rural residents also say people who do n’t live in their type of community have at least a somewhat negative view of those who do ( 63 % in urban and 56 % in rural areas say this ) , while a much smaller share in suburban areas ( 36 % ) say their type of community is seen negatively by those in other areas
Large majorities of Republicans are confident that the election will be conducted fairly and accurately ( 75 % )
But a new Pew Research Center analysis of Federal Reserve data finds that Gen Xers are the only generation of households to recover the wealth they lost during the Great Recession . The median net worth of Gen X households had declined 38 % from 2007 ( $ 63,400 ) to 2010 ( $ 39,200 ) , while the typical wealth loss for Boomer and Silent households was not as steep ( 26 % and 14 % , respectively ) . Millennials , who were beginning to form households and accumulate wealth ( the oldest was only 26 in 2007 ) , were hit hard by the Great Recession in terms of employment and earnings , but not in terms of wealth destruction , as they had little wealth to lose
Overall , about six - in - ten U.S. adults ( 62 % ) say it ’s very or somewhat acceptable for professional athletes to speak out publicly about political issues , while 35 % say this is not too or not at all acceptable .
Six - in - ten women under the age of 35 say someone continued to contact them after they said they were not interested , compared with 27 % of men in this age range . Younger female users are also about twice as likely as their male counterparts to say someone on a dating site or app has called them an offensive name ( 44 % vs. 23 % ) or threatened to physically harm them ( 19 % vs. 9 % ) . Other encounters that young women describe are more overtly sexual : 57 % of female online dating users ages 18 to 34 say someone has sent them a sexually explicit message or image they did not ask for . This compares with 28 % among male users in the same age range
An 83 % majority of the public says vaccines for diseases such as measles , mumps and rubella ( MMR ) are safe for healthy children , while about one - in - ten ( 9 % ) think such vaccines are not safe . An additional 7 % volunteer that they do n’t know .
The global population of emigrants ( people living outside their country of birth ) from Latin American - Caribbean nations grew by 7 % between 2010 and 2017 , according to the analysis , which uses data from the United Nations and the U.S. Census Bureau . This is slower than the overall worldwide growth rate of 17 % during the same period . Other regions , meanwhile , saw faster growth than Latin America during the period , including the Middle East and North Africa ( 38 % increase ) and sub - Saharan Africa ( 32 % ) .
Defending against terrorism continues to rank among the public ’s leading priorities for the president and Congress , with nearly three - quarters ( 73 % ) saying it is a top priority .
In the U.S. , people are most likely to name the UK ( 36 % ) as the most important foreign policy partner for the U.S. Only about one - in - ten ( 13 % ) name Germany , ranking it fifth on Americans ’ list
Overall , 55 % of Republicans and Republican leaners describe the GOP as mostly united on issues and its vision for the future .
Men are somewhat more convinced than women that Brexit will be a good thing . But an even larger generational divide exists , with only one - quarter of Brits ages 18 to 29 convinced Brexit will be good for their country , compared with 54 % who say this among people 50 and older
Overall , 41 % of U.S. adults say they have been the target of at least one of these harassing behaviors online , when 35 % of Americans said they had been harassed online
a 56 % majority of Americans say it is unacceptable for the U.S. to monitor the phones of allied leaders , while 36 % say the practice is acceptable .
About half ( 52 % ) say either that Trump has not taken the risks seriously enough ( 23 % ) or that he has n’t taken them seriously at all ( 29 % ) ; 37 % say he ’s gotten the risks about right
An overwhelming majority of U.S. adults ( 88 % ) say the preventive health benefits to be “ very high ” has grown by 11 percentage points during that time ( from 45 % to 56 % ) . A 69 % majority of Americans consider the risk of side effects from the vaccine to be either low or very low , about the same as in 2016 .
only about three - in - ten Germans and Americans say that trade increases wages . Just under four - in - ten in each country say trade with other countries creates jobs . And 32 % in Germany and 37 % in the U.S. say trade decreases prices , which is supposed to be one of the primary benefits of international trade .
Income and education also influence how people look for a new church . For instance , among the roughly half of Americans who have looked for a new congregation , 44 % of those with family incomes of $ 75,000 or more read about the congregation online , compared with 37 % of those with incomes between $ 30,000 and $ 74,999 , and about three - in - ten ( 28 % ) with incomes below $ 30,000 . People with higher incomes also are more likely to visit houses of worship to attend services and to talk to friends or colleagues before choosing a new congregation .
substantial majorities of Americans think Julie is being harassed when she receives vulgar messages about her looks and sexual behavior ( 85 % ) , when her picture is edited to include sexual images ( 84 % ) , and when she receives threatening messages ( 85 % )
Publicly funded news media also tend to be more trusted than privately funded organizations – both in general and when it comes to specific news outlets . For example , about three - quarters ( 73 % ) of Swedes and 71 % of British adults say they trust the public media more than private . In Spain and Italy , publics are more divided on the issue
Congressional Democrats hold especially wide leads over Trump – of at least 20 percentage points – on their approaches to the environment , ethics in government , Medicare , health care and Social Security . The Democrats are preferred by smaller margins on foreign policy , immigration policy and gun policy .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is not well known to the public : 48 % do not offer a rating of her ; 29 % view her favorably , while 23 % view her unfavorably .
Among Democratic voters , those with a college degree are more skeptical about their party ’s chances in the Senate than are those without a college degree . As many college graduate Democratic voters expect the GOP to win a majority in the Senate as say they expect the Democratic Party to win the most seats ( both 49 % ) .
Some 56 % of those in the Baby Boomer or older generations say they pick foods because they are healthy and nutritious at least more than half of the time , compared with 43 % of Millennials .
Despite their political differences , most Republicans and Democrats stop short of saying that people in the other party do not share their other values and goals beyond politics . Among both parties , about four - in - ten ( 41 % of Republicans and 38 % of Democrats ) say that members of the opposing party “ feel differently about politics , and they probably do n’t share many of my other values and goals either . ”
Among those who say they would be willing to accept a Muslim in their family , a median of 55 % support banning facial coverings .
47 % of adults say the United States has done a good or excellent job of handling the outbreak
Majorities of Americans say churches and religious organizations ( 59 % ) and colleges and universities ( 55 % ) have a positive effect . Nearly half ( 47 % ) say labor unions have a positive impact ; 32 % see their impact negatively . Views of the impact of banks and other financial institutions are more negative ( 46 % ) than positive ( 39 % ) . And by roughly two - to - one ( 63 % to 28 % ) , more Americans say that the national news media has a negative than positive effect on the way things are going in the country .
most adults in Taiwan would welcome closer political ties with the United States The highest level of enthusiasm for this comes from those who support the DPP ( 91 % ) , those who identify solely as Taiwanese ( 84 % ) and those ages 18 to 29 ( 82 % ) .
the public , by roughly two - to - one ( 61 % to 30 % ) , believes that Congress – not the president – should have final authority over whether the U.S. conducts airstrikes in Syria .
Nearly half of Republicans with incomes under $ 40,000 ( 47 % ) say that the government does not provide enough assistance for poor people
44 % said they would have bombed one city at a time , and another 23 % would have wiped out cities in general – in other words , two - thirds would have bombed some urban area . Just 26 % would have dropped the bomb on locations that had no people . And only 4 % would not have used the bomb .
In Germany , more than half of internet users say they do not use social media .
Fully 68 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents think there has been too much media coverage of demonstrations , while 18 % think the amount of coverage has been about right and 11 % say there has been too little coverage . By contrast , 43 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners think there has been the right amount of coverage , 29 % think there has been too little and 26 % say there has been too much media coverage of demonstrations these days .
While 7 % of newsroom employees are black , 11 % of U.S. workers overall are black
About a quarter of U.S. adults ( 24 % ) say tax rates on corporations and large businesses should be lowered , while roughly twice as many ( 52 % ) say they should be raised . Another 21 % say corporate tax rates should be kept the same as they are now .
Sisi receives a favorable rating from 54 % of Egyptians , while 45 % view him unfavorably .
just 27 % of drop - off voters said they were following the 2016 election very closely , compared with 49 % of consistent voters
Global ratings for the U.S. , declined sharply in the first year of the Trump administration : A median of 49 % see the U.S. in a positive light , while 39 % offer an unfavorable view .
a majority of Democratic voters who express a preference for one of the candidates ( 63 % ) say they feel excited about several of the candidates currently vying for the party ’s nomination
A majority of U.S. adults ( 64 % ) say social media have a mostly negative effect on the way things are going in the country today , with Republicans being more likely than Democrats to express that view . The Americans who see a negative effect from social media point to factors including misinformation and the hate and harassment they see on these platforms .
Roughly two - thirds of Americans ( 65 % ) are very concerned about North Korea having nuclear weapons
79 % of Americans say that restrictions on power plant emissions can make a difference in reducing the effects of global climate change . Three - quarters of U.S. adults ( 76 % ) say corporate tax incentives to encourage carbon emission reductions among businesses can make a difference , and roughly seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) say the same about tougher fuel efficiency standards for cars and trucks .
In 2013 , a record - high 12 % of newlyweds married someone of a different race .
When asked about the purpose of their country ’s military actions in Syria , majorities say limiting casualties ( 72 % ) and defeating extremist groups ( 64 % ) should be priorities , compared with just a quarter who say keeping Syrian President Bashar al - Assad in power .
Democrats who have graduated from college are more likely to say human activity contributes a great deal to climate change than Democrats without a college degree . For example , 86 % of Democrats with a postgraduate degree say human activity contributes a great deal to climate change , compared with a smaller majority ( 58 % ) of Democrats with no college experience
Among Americans ages 18 to 29 , about six - in - ten ( 61 % ) say they would feel somewhat or very comfortable using a gender - neutral pronoun to refer to someone if they asked them to do so . By comparison , roughly half of those ages 30 to 49 ( 52 % ) and 50 and older ( 48 % ) express comfort
But among Democrats and Democratic leaners , 53 % say they worry Kavanaugh would make the Supreme Court too conservative , while far fewer say they do n’t worry about this ( 28 % ) . Among Republicans , a 63 % majority say they do n’t worry about Kavanaugh shifting the court ’s ideology ; small shares worry that he would make the court too conservative ( 12 % ) or not conservative enough ( 17 % ) .
they are likely to have a negative evaluation of the president : Nearly all in this group ( 97 % ) say they disapprove of the way Trump is handling his job in office , including nine - in - ten who strongly disapprove
Roughly two - thirds of Americans ( 65 % ) are very concerned about North Korea having nuclear weapons . And 64 % say that in the event of a serious conflict , the United States should use military force to defend its Asian allies , such as Japan , South Korea or the Philippines according to a new Pew Research Center survey .
Mobile phone users say their devices help them stay in touch with those who live far away . In every country surveyed , about nine - in - ten or more say their phones have helped them in this regard . At the same time , a median of 53 % of adults across the 11 countries surveyed say the increasing use of mobile phones has had a good influence on family cohesion , compared with a median of 20 % who say it has had a bad influence .
far larger shares of women than men who own guns say protection is the only reason they own a gun : About a quarter of women who own guns ( 27 % ) are in this category , compared with just 8 % of men
38 % of registered voters who support Trump are very confident their vote will be accurately counted . Another 31 % say they are somewhat confident , while 30 % have little or no confidence their vote will be counted accurately .
About half each say health care costs ( 53 % ) and the price of food and consumer goods ( 48 % ) have a major impact . By contrast , just 22 % say the federal budget deficit affects their finances a lot and 21 % say the same about “ how the stock market is doing
Among adults who live in rural areas , 46 % say they own a gun , compared with 28 % of adults who live in the suburbs and even fewer – 19 % – in urban areas
Most people say that today ’s immigrants are either about as willing to adapt ( 32 % ) or more willing to adapt ( 26 % ) to the American way of life compared with immigrants who came to the United States in the early 1900s . Fewer ( 36 % ) say today ’s immigrants are less willing to adapt .
A 63 % majority of those who identify as Republicans say the U.S. economic system is fair to most Americans ; fewer than half as many ( 29 % ) say the system unfairly favors powerful interests . GOP leaners are divided : 49 % say the system is generally fair , while nearly as many ( 46 % ) say it unfairly favors powerful interests . Large majorities of both Democrats ( 85 % ) and Democratic leaners ( 81 % ) say the U.S. economic system unfairly favors powerful interests . Most independents who do not lean toward a party share this view ( 70 % ) .
three - quarters think it is acceptable for public health officials to make personal information that may be collected during the coronavirus outbreak available for use by infectious disease researchers , while smaller shares say the same about pharmaceutical companies ( 40 % ) , health insurance companies ( 40 % ) and state and local elected officials ( 37 % ) .
56 % of Germans wanted to cooperate more with the U.S. , while about a third would cooperate less ( 34 % ) .
A majority of Americans continue to say they see the effects of climate change in their own communities and believe that the federal government falls short in its efforts to reduce the impacts of climate change The new national survey finds a majority of U.S. adults want the government to play a larger role in addressing climate change .
The important role of immigrant women in driving U.S. births stems from both the growth in the foreign , on average , more children than U.S.-born women
Other times , teens who lack reliable internet service at home say they seek out other locations to complete their schoolwork : 12 % of teens say they at least sometimes use public Wi - Fi to complete assignments because they do not have an internet connection at home . Again , this problem is more prevalent for black or less affluent teens . Roughly one - in - five black teens ( 21 % ) report having to at least sometimes use public Wi - Fi for this reason .
Putin ’s handling of foreign affairs gets high ratings from most Russians . a majority of Russians say their country plays a more important role on the world stage than it did 10 years ago .
By contrast , both less affluent and less educated church shoppers are more likely to value the potential social connections , religious education and community service offered by a church . Roughly six - in - ten ( 62 % ) of those with a high school degree or less say that access to religious education for children played an important role in their choice of congregation , compared with about half ( 51 % ) of college - educated adults .
A 56 % majority of U.S. adults trust law enforcement agencies at least somewhat to use facial recognition technologies responsibly , with 17 % indicating that they trust these agencies a great deal to use facial recognition Several groups express relatively low levels of trust in law enforcement agencies to use facial recognition responsibly – most notably black adults , younger people and those who identify as Democrats
Less than a month before the 2018 midterm elections , Republicans and Democrats hold positive outlooks about the future of their respective parties , and in both cases these views are more positive than they were a year ago . Three - quarters of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents say they are optimistic about the future of the Republican Party , up 16 percentage points from September 2017 , when 59 % felt this way , according to a new national survey by Pew Research Center , conducted Sept. 24 - Oct. 7 . The current level of optimism among Republicans is similar to what it was in December 2016 ( 79 % ) . Democrats have a similarly bright outlook for their party – 77 % of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents say they are optimistic about the party ’s future .
Overall , 91 % of Americans say that the right to vote is essential to their sense of freedom . Only 7 % say it is important but not essential , and just 1 % says it is not important . A comparable share ( 92 % ) considers freedom of speech to be essential to their own sense of freedom . Large majorities also say the right to privacy ( 87 % ) and freedom of religion ( 85 % ) are essential to them . Views are more mixed when it comes to the right to own guns : 48 % say this is essential , while 33 % say it is important but not essential and 19 % say it is not important .
Americans are more likely than their German counterparts to say other countries do too little in global affairs . Roughly two - thirds of Americans say China ( 66 % ) and Russia ( 65 % ) do too little to help solve global problems . About half say the same about the United Nations , and 45 % of Americans hold this view about the European Union . However , Americans are split on whether Germany is doing too little ( 39 % ) or the right amount ( 40 % ) . Germans , on the other hand , have more mixed views . While pluralities in Germany say the UN , Russia and China are doing too little , 46 % say the EU is doing enough . And nearly half say that NATO is doing the right amount to help solve the world ’s problems , Germans are divided on whether the U.S. is doing too little ( 39 % ) or too much ( 39 % ) to help solve global problems .
While most Americans say it ’s good that more women are running for Congress this year , fewer than half say that , if there were more women there , Congress would do a better job of dealing with the country ’s problems ( 39 % ) ; the tone of the political debate in Washington would be more respectful ( 36 % ) ; or that there would be more openness and transparency in government ( 34 % ) . About half or more say that the number of women in Congress does n’t have much to do with each of these areas .
Majorities in Nigeria and Kenya have a positive impression of China ( 70 % and 58 % , respectively ) , while South Africans are a bit more divided ( 46 % favorable , 35 % unfavorable ) Majorities in Nigeria and Kenya express confidence in Xi to do the right thing when it comes to world affairs ( 61 % and 58 % , respectively ) . Among people in South Africa , 52 % have confidence in Xi while 29 % do not
Around four - in - ten ( 43 % ) of those Americans who think the news media are covering the outbreak very well say they are very confident in their own ability to check the accuracy of COVID-19 information . That compares with around a quarter of those who think the media are doing somewhat well ( 23 % ) or not too or not at all well ( 24 % ) at covering the outbreak .
51 % of Americans say it is better for the United States to cut off military aid to Egypt to put pressure on the government . This is nearly double the percentage ( 26 % ) saying it is better to continue military aid to the government in order to maintain influence in Egypt .
A 54 % majority of women voters say they support or lean toward the Democratic candidate in their district , while 38 % favor the Republican . Among men voters , by contrast , 49 % favor the Republican , while 43 % support the Democrat . The gender divide is much wider among younger voters – those under 35 – than among voters 35 and older .
Just 45 % of Republican men say online harassment is a major problem , compared with around six - in - ten or more Republican women , Democratic men and Democratic women . And Republican men are also less likely than Republican women , Democratic men and Democratic women to say offensive content online is too often excused as not a big deal
by more than a 3:1 margin , the verdict was clear : 77 % of the assertions on Twitter blamed Republicans in Congress while 23 % blamed Democrats in Congress or Obama .
About two - thirds of Black ( 65 % ) and Hispanic voters ( 65 % ) said it is at least somewhat important to them to hear from the Trump and Biden campaigns
Both Muslims and the general public were asked if there are circumstances under which targeting and killing civilians can be justified in order to further a political , social or religious cause . Roughly eight - in - ten U.S. Muslims ( 84 % ) say such tactics can rarely ( 8 % ) or never ( 76 % ) be justified . The share of Muslims who say such tactics can often or sometimes be justified ( 12 % ) is similar to the share saying this among the general public ( 14 % ) . And Muslims are more likely than the public as a whole to say that targeting civilians for political , social or religious causes can never be justified .
Across the countries surveyed , fewer than half say they approve of the way the EU is handling European economic issues ( median of 40 % ) , Brexit ( median of 38 % ) and the refugee issue ( median of 23 % ) .
Only 34 % of highly religious adults say they would want to employ gene editing to reduce their child ’s risk of disease .
Around four - in - ten Germans ( 42 % ) say countries will cooperate more with each other after the crisis , while a smaller share ( 31 % ) say countries will increase their focus on national interests . Americans are more divided : 35 % say countries will cooperate more , while 29 % say nations will focus more on their own interests
Higher shares of adults in Senegal and South Africa say they have friends or relatives they stay in touch with regularly in Europe than say this about friends or relatives in the U.S. Meanwhile , in Ghana , Nigeria and Tanzania , people have friends or relatives they stay in touch with in Europe and the U.S. at about the same rate . In Kenya , a higher share of people have contacts in the United States
Roughly three - quarters ( 77 % ) of those who have a favorable opinion of the populist Alternative for Germany party ( AfD ) say their country ’s economic situation is good
About two - thirds of white ( 66 % ) , Black ( 67 % ) and Hispanic ( 68 % ) adults each say they feel fearful about the state of the country . Identical shares of white and Black adults say they feel angry ( 72 % each ) , while roughly as many Hispanic adults ( 67 % ) say this .
Democrats are also more likely to support the sanctions and actions taken against Russia as a response . Among those who have heard about the allegations , 51 % of Democrats view the response as about right , while 37 % say the sanctions and actions do not go far enough and just 7 % say they go too far
Among Americans , 36 % choose the United Kingdom as the most or second - most important foreign policy partner
About as many ( 48 % ) say such pre - emptive use of military force can rarely ( 28 % ) or never ( 20 % ) be justified
About half of the public ( 46 % ) says the U.S. Supreme Court should make its rulings based on its understanding of what the Constitution “ meant as it was originally written , ” while an identical share says the court should base its rulings on what the Constitution “ means in current times ”
Half say using military force against countries that may seriously threaten the U.S. – but have not attacked it – can often ( 12 % ) or sometimes ( 38 % ) be justified , according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in October . About as many ( 48 % ) say such pre - emptive use of military force can rarely ( 28 % ) or never ( 20 % ) be justified .
Core Conservatives are more likely than other GOP - leaning groups to say they follow politics and government . Consequently , while Core Conservatives make up about a third of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents overall ( 31 % ) , they constitute a larger proportion of politically engaged Republicans ( 43 % ) .
Across Europe , 91 % of students in primary and secondary school were studying English
Blacks are more likely to say it is more important for people to feel safe and welcome online than to be able to speak their minds freely ( 68 % vs. 31 % ) . Whites are more evenly divided on this question ( 51 % vs. 48 % ) , as are Hispanics ( 52 % vs. 46 % ) .
Among those who say almost everyone in their family shares their political views ( 22 % of the public ) , an overwhelming share ( 82 % ) says their family is comfortable talking about politics . Yet the share of adults who say their family is OK with political discussions decreases among those who say there is less agreement in their family on politics .
A majority ( 57 % ) in the poll says the president has a bad influence on the country ’s direction , compared with 40 % who say he has a good influence . most Venezuelans ( 52 % ) say the opposition has a bad influence on the country ’s direction – nearly on par with Maduro ’s negative rating .
About three - quarters of Americans ( 73 % ) say science has a mostly positive effect on society
Roughly seven - in - ten U.S. teens ( 72 % ) say they use YouTube , Instagram ranks as the second most popular platform among Americans in this age group 15 % of teens say Instagram is the platform they use “ most often . ” That ’s lower than the shares who say the same about Snapchat ( 35 % ) and YouTube ( 32 % ) .
66 % of the people who disapprove the Trump administration ’s withdrawal from international climate agreements
This survey finds that a majority of parents ( 73 % ) believe it is acceptable for children to have their own phone only after they have reached at least the age of 12
About four - in - ten ( 43 % ) say that Republicans in the Senate will be at least somewhat fair and reasonable during the trial , with just 17 % saying they are very confident GOP senators will do this . Slightly more ( 48 % ) expect Democratic senators to be at least somewhat fair , though just 18 % say they are very confident in this
around six - in - ten U.S. poll workers ( 58 % ) were ages 61 and older , including roughly a quarter ( 27 % ) who were over 70
Women are more likely than men ( 71 % vs. 60 % ) to see allegations of sexual misconduct as mainly reflective of broad societal problems . Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 70 % ) are also somewhat more likely to say this than Republicans and Republican leaners ( 61 % ) .
When it comes to trusting the UK government , people in Britain are evenly divided . Roughly half say that they trust the national government a lot or somewhat , and virtually the same number say they trust the government not much or not at all . Only 14 % of the British public trusts the government a lot , while two - in - ten say they do not trust the government at all .
There is greater public support for cutting military spending in order to achieve deficit reduction . About half of Americans ( 51 % ) say reducing the deficit is more important than keeping military spending at current levels .
Middle Eastern publics see both the U.S. and Russia playing more important roles in the region today than they did 10 years ago . At least half in all of the nations surveyed say Russia is more influential now compared with a decade ago . Lebanon is particularly likely to say Russia ’s role has grown , with Shia ( 81 % ) and Sunni Muslims ( 77 % ) sharing this view .
Women are more likely than men to cite protection as the only reason they own a gun . Male and female gun owners are about equally likely to cite protection as a reason why they own guns : About nine - in - ten in each group say this is a reason But far larger shares of women than men who own guns say protection is the only reason they own a gun : About a quarter of women who own guns ( 27 % ) are in this category , compared with just 8 % of men .
However , views of Germany are similar among partisans in the U.S. , with both sides ranking Germany fifth on the list of most or second - most important foreign policy partners .
Americans ages 50 and older are more likely to pay for local news than their younger counterparts
Most Republicans ( 65 % ) say they would rather live in a community where houses are larger and farther apart and where schools and shopping are not nearby . A majority of Democrats ( 61 % ) prefer smaller houses within walking distance of schools and shopping .
72 % say mental illness is an extremely or very serious public health problem , compared with 67 % who said this four years ago
about four - in - ten women and roughly a quarter of Americans ages 65 and older also say they play video games at least sometimes , according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in March and April . Six - in - ten Americans ages 18 to 29 and 53 % of those ages 30 to 49 say they play video games often or sometimes , compared with smaller shares in older age groups .
About two - thirds of Americans ( 64 % ) say social media have a mostly negative effect on the way things are going in the country today , according to a Pew Research Center survey of U.S. adults conducted July 13 - 19 , 2020 . Just one - in - ten Americans say social media sites have a mostly positive effect on the way things are going , and one - quarter say these platforms have a neither positive nor negative effect .
Just 9 % of Democrats say they are very or somewhat confident that Trump can handle the situation with North Korea.
Seven - in - ten cellphone users ( 70 % ) say they would benefit from an unlimited data plan , with 50 % saying they would benefit a lot . And nearly three - quarters of home internet users ( 72 % ) say having more reliable service would help them gather information for decisions , with 48 % saying it would help them a lot .
Among eight international concerns tested , the topmost on the minds of Filipinos is the threat of the Islamic militant group known as ISIS . Seven - in - ten say ISIS poses a major threat to the country . Filipinos are also worried about global climate change ( 65 % major threat ) and cyberattacks from other countries ( 64 % ) . About half of Filipinos are also worried about China ’s power and influence , almost double the proportion who say Russia ( 26 % ) or the U.S. ( 25 % ) are a major threat .
, 50 % of U.S. adults said made - up news and information was a very big problem in the country today
More than eight - in - ten DOD active - duty officers have at least a bachelor ’s degree , including 42 % who hold an advanced degree .
Some 46 % of smartphone owners said their smartphone is something “ they could n’t live without , ” compared with 54 % who said that their phone is “ not always needed . ”
a larger share of police than the public believe it is more important to protect the rights of Americans to own guns than to control gun ownership ( 74 % of police vs. 53 % of the public )
Roughly nine - in - ten veterans ( 91 % ) say the training they received when they first entered the military prepared them very or somewhat well for military life
around six - in - ten U.S. adults say they would not want to ride in a driverless car ( 56 % ) or have a class='chrome-extension-mutihighlight chrome-extension-mutihighlight-style-2'>robot caregiver for themselves or a family member ( 59 % )
65 and older are about three times as likely as adults under 30 to say they ’re following the news about the candidates very closely ( 39 % vs. 12 % ) . And white adults ( 26 % ) are more likely than black and Hispanic Americans to say this ( 17 % and 16 % , respectively ) .
About four - in - ten newsroom employees who work in internet publishing live in the Northeast ( 41 % )
far fewer found it acceptable to use cellphones during a meeting , at the movies or in church (4%) while 5% of the few Americans think that the use of cellphones at the movie theater is generally OK.
